---
layout: kanji
v4: 410
v6: 438
kanji: 幌
keyword: canopy
elements: canopy, towel, limpid, sun, day, ray, small, little, human legs
strokes: 13
image: E5B98C
on-yomi: コウ
kun-yomi: ほろ、とばり
permalink: /438/
redirect_from:
 - /幌/
 - /canopy/
 - /v4/410/
prev: 437
next: 439
heisig: "A large <i>towel</i> stretched overhead with only a few of the <i>sun's rays</i> breaking through represents a <b>canopy</b> over one's bed."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/wasurenaide">wasurenaide</a>] 19-12-2008(269): A<strong> canopy</strong> is a <em>towel</em> to block the <em>suns</em> <em>ray</em>s.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/shadolite">shadolite</a>] 18-3-2008(62): From the <em>Hitch-Hiker&#039;s Guide to the Universe</em>: A towel is useful, among other things, as a<strong> canopy</strong> to keep out the sun&#039;s rays from your face while napping.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gorgon">gorgon</a>] 15-5-2006(36): Picture a cafe in wartime Japan. Its&#039;<strong> canopy</strong> is made of a big beach <em>towel</em> which has the imperial flag (the one with the <em>sun&#039;s rays</em>) printed upon it.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/lb4269">lb4269</a>] 2-3-2006(10): (fighter<strong> canopy</strong> and tree<strong> canopy</strong>) Luke Skywalker is flying to see Yoda on Dagobah. He starts to crash, and he pops his<strong> canopy</strong> and uses a towel as a parachute. He gets stuck in a tree too high to jump down. The sun comes and starts to get very hot. He feels like he will be cooked alive. Yoda comes and tells him to use the Force. Luke concentrates, and he takes a ray of light from the sun and makes it solid. He then climbs down it like it is a pole.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/johngwk">johngwk</a>] 5-8-2010(7): For a<strong> CANOPY</strong>, we improvised, using a <em>towel</em> to protect us from the <em>sun&#039;s rays</em>.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ruukukun">ruukukun</a>] 29-6-2010(6): Picture the beautiful image of making a <strong>canopy</strong> with a <em>towel</em> that you hang. The <em>sun</em> above causes <em>rays</em> of light to come filtering through the <em>towel</em>. The main element here is the <em>towel</em>, with the <em>sun rays</em> being the secondary element. You really need the image for this one, it&#039;s so beautiful.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/alphador">alphador</a>] 22-10-2010(4): Eravamo andati a fare un picnic, ma quel giorno il SOLE era tremendo! Sembrava che il SOLE stesso scagliasse i suoi RAGGI verso il basso, tanto era caldo (SOLE=in alto, RAGGI=in basso). Finalmente ebbi l&#039;idea: presi la TOVAGLIA che avevo messo da parte e la usai come BALDACCHINO! Tutti i miei amici furono subito contenti! Che idea spettacolare, quella del BALDACCHINO!

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kakashi">kakashi</a>] 5-6-2011(3): Picture a very frugal family using a <em>towel</em> as a<strong> canopy</strong> over their kid&#039;s bed, to block out the <em>sun&#039;s</em> <em>rays</em>. Note: <em>Towel</em> takes the strong position as it&#039;s the object which serves as the<strong> canopy</strong>.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gavin.schultz-ohkubo">gavin.schultz-ohkubo</a>] 2-5-2010(3): A simple image of a towel to block the sun isn&#039;t always good enough because it&#039;s easy to forget the specific rays. So, I imagine an entry in the Hitchhiker&#039;s Guide to the Galaxy on towels, with an animated image showing a man holding a <em>towel</em> above his head as a<strong> canopy</strong>, with diagrammatic arrows representing <em>rays</em> coming from the sun and bouncing off again.

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mtaveira">mtaveira</a>] 17-11-2009(3): Beware: when in the Amazon, the tree<strong> canopy</strong> does not provide protection from the the <em>sun&#039;s rays</em>. Using a <em>towel</em> as a shield is highly recommended. (Imagine using a towel literally as a shield and watching the suns rays being reflected toward a tree instantly burning it like a laser beam.).

