---
layout: kanji
v4: 829
v6: 892
kanji: 慢
keyword: ridicule
elements: ridicule, Freud, state of mind, mandala, sun, day, eye, cross-eyed, net, crotch
strokes: 14
image: E685A2
on-yomi: マン
permalink: /892/
redirect_from:
 - /慢/
 - /ridicule/
 - /v4/829/
prev: 891
next: 893
heisig: "State of mind . . . mandala."
primit: "mandala Sun . . . eye . . . crotch. [11]"
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Codexus">Codexus</a>] 16-12-2007(233): I&#039;ll focus on the <strong>mandala</strong> primitive here. I guess Heisig chose this keyword for phonetic reasons and as a character it&#039;s the &quot;man&quot; in mandara/mandala ( 曼荼羅 ). A mandala is a graphic representation of the universe, here split in 3 planes of existance, the <em>sun</em> representing the cosmos, the <em>eye</em> represents the human observer, the <em>crotch</em> represents the animal instincts.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ruisu">ruisu</a>] 8-11-2007(119): He&#039; s often<strong> ridicule</strong>d for having his <em>eye</em> on <em>crotches</em> all <em>day</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/smithsonian">smithsonian</a>] 5-4-2007(81): Heisig really dropped the ball on this one, introducing the obscure primitive <em>mandala</em> without a word of explanation. I choose to read it as <em>Nelson Mandela</em> instead. Picture him under the hot <em>sun</em>, being tormented by <em>cyclopes</em> who constantly kick him in the <em>crotch</em> in his South African prison. Therefore, this kanji: The <em>state of mind</em> of <em>Nelson Mandela</em> was to constantly<strong> ridicule</strong> the Apartheid system.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 17-12-2007(68): The whole crew <strong>ridicules</strong> <em>Data</em> as he&#039;s on a big hippy phase wearing <em>mandalas</em> and such trying to explore human behavior. (It depicts the order of sacred cosmic symbols: sun, eye, crotch).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/esaulgd">esaulgd</a>] 15-4-2007(35): In my diccionary this kanji appears to have nothing to do with &quot;ridicule&quot; and a lot more with &quot;pride&quot; and &quot;conceit&quot;: You may<strong> ridicule</strong> others because you are so <strong>conceited</strong> that in your <em>state of mind</em> you are at the center of the <em>mandala</em>.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Acidfire">Acidfire</a>] 25-3-2009(27): Most people<strong> ridicule</strong> Buddhists for destroying their mandala as soon as it&#039;s finished, but with the right state of mind you can see the beauty of it.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/knightx12001">knightx12001</a>] 30-1-2009(18): He is being<strong> RIDICULE</strong>D for trying to find a STATE OF MIND that will allow him to understand a MANDALA.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/maverick0b723">maverick0b723</a>] 5-9-2009(14): <strong>being lazy, leave unattended</strong>. The primitive sun, eyes and crotch refers to <em>MANGA</em> as a new primitive (never sees the sun, eyes fixed on manga, his crotch .. well, unattended). The state of mind of being a <em>manga</em> otaku is to be <strong>lazy</strong> and <strong>leave things unattended</strong>. RTK2:　マン 我慢 がまん(patience)…　Pure group: 漫 <a href="../v4/830">loose</a> (#830 漫).

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 16-1-2006(9): The “monk with the mandala on his crotch&quot; was<strong> ridicule</strong>d by his fellow monks : how could he have been so stupid to sit on the freshly painted floor ? The monks were in a state of mind really not suitable for monks, so they reached for their mind switch atop their heads to try and get rid of it.

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/woelpad">woelpad</a>] 11-12-2006(7): <em>Sherlock Holmes</em> showing off his vast knowledge once more. Watson points him out a Persian rug, remarking that the Muslims nowadays seem to like their prophet more rounded. &quot;Don&#039;t be <strong>ridiculous</strong>, Watson. It&#039;s clearly an Indian <em>mandala</em>, with the Buddha <em>sitting cross-legged</em>, <em>eyes</em> closed as in trance, beneath the <em>sun</em>, a symbol of the enlightenment which one can reach by practicing His teachings. Besides, Muslims never depict the Prophet&quot;, adding to the <strong>ridicule</strong>.

