---
layout: kanji
v4: 329
v6: 351
kanji: 牧
keyword: breed
elements: breed, cow, taskmaster
strokes: 8
image: E789A7
on-yomi: ボク
kun-yomi: まき
permalink: /牧/
prev: 350
next: 352
heisig: "When it is time to <b>breed</b> new cattle, the bull is usually willing but the <i>cow</i> is often not. Thus the <i>taskmaster</i> to the right forces the <i>cow</i> into a compromising position, so to speak, so that she and her mate can <b>breed</b>."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/roderik">roderik</a>] 21-6-2008(158): Imagine a <em>taskmaster</em> giving a <em>cow</em> the command to &quot;start <strong>breed</strong>ing, and start doing it now!&quot;, except that the cow takes his advice a bit too literally and starts chasing the taskmaster to carry out this command! instead of finding another cow to<strong> breed</strong> with. Hence, you see the <em>taskmaster</em> running to the right, trying to stay ahead of the <em>cow</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/DrJones">DrJones</a>] 26-12-2007(78): Hint: This is the kanji from which <em>taskmaster</em> is derived. Actually, this kanji has nothing to do with<strong> breed</strong>, and a lot to do with <strong>pastures</strong> and <strong>shepherds</strong> (also for cowboys, japanese and spanish don&#039;t differenciate between animals). Think of a <em>cowboy</em> (taskmaster) who brings his <em>cows</em> to the <strong>pasture</strong>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/laner36">laner36</a>] 19-7-2007(35): I think of Hitler for the taskmaster primitive. This has worked really well. Hitler can be the real person (and works well for kanji such as 激 <a href="../v4/497">violent</a> (#497 激)). Or it can be more comical, such as a homosexual man dressed as Hitler for a costume party. As in, a homosexual Hitler has no hope of<strong> breed</strong>ing. (Here you imagine him wearing leather bondage bands). *Also, the taskmaster primitive seems to generally be on the right side of kanji in this book.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Hashiriya">Hashiriya</a>] 22-12-2012(32): Imagine a taskmaster giving a cow the command to &quot;start<strong> breed</strong>ing, and start doing it now!&quot;, except that the cow takes his advice a bit too literally and starts chasing the taskmaster to carry out this command! instead of finding another cow to<strong> breed</strong> with. Hence, you see the taskmaster running to the right, trying to stay ahead of the cow.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mrgrimm">mrgrimm</a>] 30-9-2009(11): The <em>cow</em> is forced by the <em>taskmaster</em> to<strong> breed</strong>.

