---
layout: kanji
v4: 415
v6: 444
kanji: 帯
keyword: sash
elements: sash, buckle, apron, crown, towel
strokes: 10
image: E5B8AF
on-yomi: タイ
kun-yomi: お.びる、おび
permalink: /444/
redirect_from:
 - /帯/
 - /v4/415/
prev: 443
next: 445
heisig: "The part of the <i>apron</i> where one finds the <i>buckle</i> (represented pictorially by the first 5 strokes) is on the <b>sash</b>."
primit: "apron(fartuch, fartuszek) The towel with edges jagged like little crowns is the cook’s apron. [5]"
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mspertus">mspertus</a>] 10-6-2006(166): First, note that the top half of the kanji consists of <em>one</em> and <em>mountain</em>. Of course, the &quot;<em>number 1</em>&quot; <em>mountain</em> in Japan is <em>Mt.</em> Fuji. The bottom half, under <em>Mt.</em> Fuji, consists of <em>crown</em> and <em>towel</em>. Now for the story. Archaeologists digging under <em>Mt.</em> Fuji (Japan&#039;s <em>#1</em> <em>mountain</em>) in an ancient royal tomb (they know it&#039;s royal because of the <em>crown</em>) discover what looks like a <em>towel</em>, but after they clean it up, they see it is actually a splendid royal <em>sash</em> for the king&#039;s kimono.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/LazyNomad">LazyNomad</a>] 28-3-2009(160): WARNING: Try to avoid thinking of the upper element as a combination of <em>one</em> and <em>mountain</em>, because in this case you will get used to the incorrect stroke order.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dwhitman">dwhitman</a>] 15-10-2007(56): Beautiful &quot;Miss Housewife Japan&quot; is on posters everywhere, cooking right before Mt. Fuji (the <em>number one</em> <em>mountain</em>) while wearing nothing but her crown, and an <em>apron</em> tied with a<strong> sash</strong>. (hodgepodge of mspertus, zwarte_kat, et al, with a jot of hadaka apron to focus the image.).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/lifeflaw">lifeflaw</a>] 17-10-2011(54): The <em>buckle</em> is on the<strong> sash</strong> of the <em>apron</em>. (Note that according to the dictionary, breaking down this Kanji includes only the radicals for &quot;walking stick&quot;, &quot;one&quot;, &quot;crown&quot; and &quot;towel&quot;. Hence, &quot;mountain&quot; is not part of the radicals.).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/deedriod">deedriod</a>] 5-5-2012(30): Heisig fails to go into detail about the top kanji, but, It&#039;s not a mountain like everyone is saying. It actually means <em>Thirty</em> 丗 the stroke order starts with a <em>One</em>, then draw in the three vertical lines from left to right. Then the last stroke at the bottom closing it up. Then comes the <em>Apron</em> which makes up a<strong> Sash</strong>. (-Story: I made a<strong> Sash</strong> out of <em>Thirty</em> cut up <em>Aprons</em>.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dogray77">dogray77</a>] 22-1-2008(30): Such was his hatred for George Bush, the crown prince had a &#039;W&#039; with a line through it embroidered on his<strong> sash</strong>.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Perry">Perry</a>] 14-2-2009(18): As this means おび, I use Obi-Wan Kinobi defending Mount Fuji (number 1 mountain in Japan) from Darth Vader wearing just a crown and a towel. Thanks everyone, mix of many stories.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Robatsu">Robatsu</a>] 22-2-2009(16): I climbed up Mt. Fuji (No. 1 mountain) wearing only an <em>apron</em>, and all I got was this lousy<strong> SASH</strong>.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/KANJI">KANJI</a>] 24-11-2006(12): <strong>SASH</strong> = obi 帯 Pull out the horizontal stick and she becomes instantly disrobed. An invention since lost through the ages. Only its counterpart--a hair barrette--still exists (a wooden fastener with stick).

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/jabberwockychortles">jabberwockychortles</a>] 23-5-2011(11): The おび, or<strong> sash</strong>, is used as a <em>buckle</em> to hold the kimono closed and as an <em>apron</em> for samurai to wipe the bloody sword.

