---
layout: kanji
v4: 514
v6: 553
kanji: 栃
keyword: horse chestnut
elements: horse chestnut, tree, wood, Wimbledon, cliff, ten thousand, one, bound up
strokes: 9
image: E6A083
on-yomi: 
kun-yomi: とち
permalink: /栃/
prev: 県
next: 地
heisig: "A tree . . . cliff . . . ten thousand."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/onsen_monkey">onsen_monkey</a>] 6-9-2006(276): There are a bunch of<strong> HORSE CHESTNUT</strong> TREES on top of this CLIFF above the beach. Chestnuts keep rolling off the cliff and falling on people&#039;s heads. So far TEN THOUSAND people have been killed by falling chestnuts, and the Japanese government still ain&#039;t did shit about it.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/nest0r">nest0r</a>] 26-1-2008(72): There is a<strong> horse chestnut</strong> <em>tree</em> that has grown by a <em>cliff</em> for so long, it has deposited <em>10,000</em> <strong>horse chesnut</strong>s that lie at the bottom. Don&#039;t worry over this one too much, you&#039;ll spend so much time trying to figure out the right story for it, you probably won&#039;t forget it.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Lizzie">Lizzie</a>] 9-7-2008(38): <strong>Horse chestnut</strong> trees grows in tens of thousands under the cliff.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/stupiddog">stupiddog</a>] 29-3-2010(28): Strokes 5 and 6 are in reverse order, so it&#039;s not an ordinary cliff, but a <em>drag</em> (primitive at the beginning of lesson 50!) Story: When we were kids, we loved collecting the fruits of the <strong>horse chestnut</strong> <em>tree</em>. But because there were so many to collect, we sometimes <em>dragged</em> more than <em>ten thousand</em> of them behind us!

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/MeisterLlama">MeisterLlama</a>] 7-12-2008(28): This is NOT a cliff. the first stroke is right to left and slanted a bit. in fact, it&#039;s more like the axe blade of the axe character. story: you didn&#039;t want to try to chop down the<strong> horse chestnut</strong> tree with an axe because the chestnut kept falling on you. so instead you just stacked up <em>10,000</em> <em>axe-blades</em> next to the tree, and eventually they the stack fell on the tree and sliced it to pieces.

