---
layout: kanji
v4: 624
v6: 671
kanji: 慌
keyword: disconcerted
elements: disconcerted, Freud, state of mind, laid waste, wreath, flowers, deceased, perish, top hat, fishhook, stream, flood
strokes: 12
image: E6858C
on-yomi: コウ
kun-yomi: あわ.てる、あわ.ただしい
permalink: /慌/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/624/
prev: 怖
next: 悔
heisig: "State of mind . . . laid waste."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/PepeSeco">PepeSeco</a>] 19-9-2006(154): (re: wazzab) The <em>state of mind</em> of the people of New Orleans as they examined their city&#039;s concert hall <em>laid waste</em> can best described as<strong> disconcerted</strong>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dshill99">dshill99</a>] 8-5-2008(93): When I am<strong> disconcerted</strong> my <em>state of mind</em> is &quot;<em>laid to waste</em>&quot;.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 26-2-2008(50): Data walks in and sees Picard weeping. &quot;What is the matter, Captain?&quot; Picard looks up, and replies that his entire home planet has been <em>laid to waste</em>. Data, the master of tact, offers up this consolation: &quot;Ah. I can see how that would be <strong>DISCONCERT</strong>ing&quot;. It turns out that the <em>flow of tears</em> was really just because Picard had lost his chance at getting at some rare (and thus valuable) <em>flowers</em> on his home planet.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 10-10-2005(45): In this kanji we see a<strong> disconcerted</strong> as a mind which has been laid waste by a flood of contradicting information. Try to picture someone&#039;s head being flooded, looking left and right in disconcert, and the switch on top of their head turning on and off uncontrollably.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/vosmiura">vosmiura</a>] 1-6-2007(38): <em>Data</em> was<strong> disconcerted</strong> to find that he had been <em>laid waste</em> in a robot scrap yard. &quot;This is very disconcerting&quot;, he says in the calmest possible manner given his unfortunate predicament. Make sure you see him there, looking around trying to analyse how his Captain could have abandoned him.

