---
layout: kanji
v4: 671
v6: 724
kanji: 操
keyword: maneuver
elements: maneuver, finger, fingers, wooden goods, furniture, goods, mouth, tree, wood, mouth3
strokes: 16
image: E6938D
on-yomi: ソウ、サン
kun-yomi: みさお、あやつ.る
permalink: /724/
redirect_from:
 - /操/
 - /maneuver/
 - /v4/671/
prev: 723
next: 725
heisig: "Fingers . . . goods . . . tree."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 14-2-2008(232): Tip: <em>goods</em> + <em>wood/tree</em> : This combination of primitives appears four times in Heisig, so it&#039;s worthwhile giving it a name. I suggest &quot;<em>furniture</em>&quot; (a common type of <em>wooden goods</em>). REF: <a href="../v4/215">parch</a> (#215 燥) , <em>maneuver</em> (FRAME 671), <a href="../v4/1369">winding</a> (#1369 繰), <a href="../v4/2035">seaweed</a> (#2035 藻). Story: Using just a <em>finger</em> you are trying to<strong> maneuver</strong> your <em>furniture</em> round your room.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/jaresty">jaresty</a>] 3-10-2007(147): Luke skywalker points his fingers and uses the force to<strong> maneuver</strong> the goods through the tree branches and up over the tree.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dat5h">dat5h</a>] 27-5-2009(34): The rare kanji 喿 means &quot;chirping birds.&quot; Therefore, why not use it since it occurs 4 times in Heisig? (note that it looks like a bunch of mouths up in a tree) Story: Think of <em>Thing</em> from the Adam&#039;s family (just a <em>hand</em> walking around) crawling around in a tree. He carefully<strong> maneuver</strong>&#039;s (this way and that) in order to isolate and stalk his pray, the <em>chirping birds</em>. They are quite a nuisance and he<strong> maneuver</strong>s up close and snatches one in his <em>fingers</em>, thus silencing its <em>chirping</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ruisu">ruisu</a>] 28-11-2007(31): The apple/orange/coconut picker <strong>maneuvers</strong> his way around the <em>tree</em>, grabbing the <em>goods</em> with his <em>fingers</em>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kuraujiokun">kuraujiokun</a>] 22-7-2009(19): Being good <strong>maneuvering</strong> using your <em>fingers</em> in <strong>Mario Kart</strong> isn&#039;t enough! You still have to avoid all the <em>goods</em> the other players throw at you and hitting the <em>trees</em>.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/styrmis">styrmis</a>] 7-1-2008(16): Ever seen a skilled forklift operator driving to a logging site? They can<strong> maneuver</strong> the goods around a forest of trees with just a finger on the steering wheel.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Ricardo">Ricardo</a>] 4-10-2006(9): [maneuver; manipulate; operate; steer; chastity; virginity; fidelity] Did you ever play Sokoban? Then this kanji is too easy! Remember how you used your <em>finger</em> (on the keyboard) to <strong>maneuver</strong> those <em>goods on wooden pallets</em>?

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/tenken3">tenken3</a>] 13-6-2007(8): Some gifted person uses magic to<strong> maneuver</strong> 3 boxes of goods onto a tree just by using his mind and pointing his finger at them.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/SketchySolid">SketchySolid</a>] 31-8-2009(6): For a blind person to <strong>manoeuvre</strong> around the obstacles of everyday life, several systems have been put into place. First is Braille, that allows the blind person to read using his or her <em>fingers</em>. The other is the sound of <em>chirping birds</em> that is is broadcast at intersections to let the blind know that it is safe to cross.

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kanjihito">kanjihito</a>] 2-3-2012(5): Trying to<strong> maneuver</strong> through the brush, the birdwatchers held still when the one raised a <em>finger</em> upon spotting the rare <em>chirping birds</em>. (Thank you dat5h for letting us know, &#039;The rare kanji 喿 means &quot;chirping birds.&quot; &#039; Examples: <a href="../v4/215">parch</a> (#215 燥) , <a href="../v4/671">maneuver</a> (#671 操), <a href="../v4/1369">winding</a> (#1369 繰), <a href="../v4/2035">seaweed</a> (#2035 藻)).

