---
layout: kanji
v4: 700
v6: 756
kanji: 護
keyword: safeguard
elements: safeguard, say, words, keitai, mouth, radio caroline, flowers, vessels, turkey, crotch
strokes: 20
image: E8ADB7
on-yomi: ゴ
kun-yomi: まも.る
permalink: /護/
prev: 隻
next: 獲
heisig: "Words . . . flowers . . . vessels."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 8-3-2006(203): Think of the <em>flower-vessels</em> as a the Greenpeace vessel “Arctic Sunrise”, only instead of a rainbow there is a big <em>flower</em> painted on the hull (this will come back in <a href="../v4/701.html">seize</a> (#701 獲) and <a href="../v4/908.html">harvest</a> (#908 穫)). Think of “flower-power” and of the “peace” in “Greenpeace” and it will make some sense hopefully. -- In this kanji, we see an inauguration <em>speech</em> being given before the Greenpeace vessel is set afloat and sent to<strong> safeguard</strong> our planet.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/meolox">meolox</a>] 24-11-2007(128): <em>Words</em> and <em>Flowers</em> are exchanged between sailors and their wives before they board the <em>vessel</em> to<strong> safeguard</strong> the world.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/samueruht">samueruht</a>] 20-1-2008(126): (With sarcasm) A Bush speech telling how all the US <em>vessels</em> are always welcomed, covered with <em>flowers</em> and <em>word</em>s of gratitude for<strong> safeguard</strong>ing democracy from the evil doers.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astgtciv">astgtciv</a>] 14-4-2007(38): The <em>flower vessel</em> is of course the <em>Mayflower</em> in which the pilgrims came to America in their search for turkeys. During they trip, they prayed non-stop - using <em>words</em> as spells to<strong> safeguard</strong> Mayflower from danger.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/MeisterLlama">MeisterLlama</a>] 3-11-2008(22): Thanks to fuaburisu with modification Think of the <em>flower-vessels</em> as a ship full of hippies garlanded with flowers -- In this kanji, we see that the hippies carry no weapons on the ship to<strong> safeguard</strong> against pirates. No, because of their nonviolence pact they have decided they will fend off pirates only with their words.

