---
layout: kanji
v4: 720
v6: 777
kanji: 寂
keyword: loneliness
elements: loneliness, house, uncle, above, small, little, crotch
strokes: 11
image: E5AF82
on-yomi: ジャク、セキ
kun-yomi: さび、さび.しい、さび.れる、さみ.しい
permalink: /寂/
prev: 776
next: 778
heisig: "House . . . uncle."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gorgon">gorgon</a>] 5-6-2006(244): The unmarried <em>uncle</em>&#039;s <em>house</em> is the picture of lonlieness.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Danieru">Danieru</a>] 28-6-2008(93): Four straight kanji here with 叔 in it, so let&#039;s make one story: Your UNCLE was full of <a href="../v4/720">loneliness</a> (#720 寂) ( 寂 ), and he lived by himself. He was naturally <a href="../v4/721">graceful</a> (#721 淑) ( 淑 ) in the water, and you knew he was once on the Olympic synchronized swimming team. You knew that there was something different about him, but you joined his youth team and he <em>watched</em> over you carefully as <a href="../v4/719">coach</a> (#719 督) ( 督 ). It was uncomfortable, though, how your <a href="../v4/718">uncle</a> (#718 叔) often touched you just <em>a little above</em> the <em>crotch</em> ( 叔 ) when coaching...

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Beneus">Beneus</a>] 10-3-2008(28): This obviously refers to <em>uncle</em> Scrooge. Remember before he started to hang out with his nephews, he lived all alone in a huge <em>house</em>, old and broken because of the<strong> loneliness</strong>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 3-9-2007(19): Aww. I mean, you kinda gotta feel sorry for creepy <em>Uncle Herbert the Pervert</em>. When he goes to his house, which is nothing more than a <em>floating roof</em>, nobody else is there. It&#039;s so <em>small</em> there&#039;s only room for him and his <em>crotch</em>. What an image of<strong> LONELINESS</strong>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decamer0n">decamer0n</a>] 7-2-2007(14): This is the famous Japanese emotive word SABI. For a good image of SABI, here is a quote from the Haiku poet Basho (translated by Robert Haas): &quot;If a man goes to war wearing stout armor or to a party dressed up in gay clothes, and if this man happens to be an old man, there is something lonely about him. Sabi is something like that.&quot; Now just put your old <em>uncle</em> in the picture and imagine the<strong> loneliness</strong> he feels in the <em>house.</em>.

