---
layout: kanji
v4: 829
v6: 892
kanji: 慢
keyword: ridicule
elements: ridicule, Freud, state of mind, mandala, sun, day, eye, cross-eyed, net, crotch
strokes: 14
image: E685A2
on-yomi: マン
permalink: /慢/
prev: 891
next: 893
primit: "mandala Sun . . . eye . . . crotch. [11]"
heisig: "State of mind . . . mandala."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Codexus">Codexus</a>] 16-12-2007(233): I&#039;ll focus on the <strong>mandala</strong> primitive here. I guess Heisig chose this keyword for phonetic reasons and as a character it&#039;s the &quot;man&quot; in mandara/mandala ( 曼荼羅 ). A mandala is a graphic representation of the universe, here split in 3 planes of existance, the <em>sun</em> representing the cosmos, the <em>eye</em> represents the human observer, the <em>crotch</em> represents the animal instincts.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ruisu">ruisu</a>] 8-11-2007(119): He&#039; s often<strong> ridicule</strong>d for having his <em>eye</em> on <em>crotches</em> all <em>day</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/smithsonian">smithsonian</a>] 5-4-2007(81): Heisig really dropped the ball on this one, introducing the obscure primitive <em>mandala</em> without a word of explanation. I choose to read it as <em>Nelson Mandela</em> instead. Picture him under the hot <em>sun</em>, being tormented by <em>cyclopes</em> who constantly kick him in the <em>crotch</em> in his South African prison. Therefore, this kanji: The <em>state of mind</em> of <em>Nelson Mandela</em> was to constantly<strong> ridicule</strong> the Apartheid system.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 17-12-2007(68): The whole crew <strong>ridicules</strong> <em>Data</em> as he&#039;s on a big hippy phase wearing <em>mandalas</em> and such trying to explore human behavior. (It depicts the order of sacred cosmic symbols: sun, eye, crotch).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/esaulgd">esaulgd</a>] 15-4-2007(35): In my diccionary this kanji appears to have nothing to do with &quot;ridicule&quot; and a lot more with &quot;pride&quot; and &quot;conceit&quot;: You may<strong> ridicule</strong> others because you are so <strong>conceited</strong> that in your <em>state of mind</em> you are at the center of the <em>mandala</em>.

