---
layout: kanji
v4: 833
v6: 896
kanji: 罰
keyword: penalty
elements: penalty, eye, cross-eyed, net, say, words, keitai, mouth, sword, sabre, saber
strokes: 14
image: E7BDB0
on-yomi: バツ、バチ、ハツ
kun-yomi: ばっ.する
permalink: /罰/
prev: 895
next: 897
heisig: "Eye . . . words . . . saber."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/takoman">takoman</a>] 10-3-2008(226): For Japanese, when the mind&#039;s eye (the sideways eye) feels guilty for something bad that the body has done, there are two<strong> penalty</strong>s to choose from. One, you can say I&#039;m sorry. Two, you can commit suicide by sabre. Why, oh why, do so many Japanese executives commit suicide at the first sign of scandal when all the have to do is say I&#039;m sorry to get off the hook. (on yomi: バチ, バツ).

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Proxx">Proxx</a>] 13-9-2007(108): There is a 3-way masterplan for every goalkeeper to prevent a goal at<strong> penalty</strong> shootout: 1. Look directly into the <em>eyes</em> of the player --- 2. Confuse him by screaming senseless <em>words</em> --- 3. Pull out you your <em>saber</em> and ... (that&#039;s up to you).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 27-12-2007(56): This keyword must be kept separate from &quot;penal&quot; and &quot;punishment&quot;. I use the game-specific meaning of &quot;penalty&quot;. Imagine a game of scrabble with a mechanical, computerized surveillance camera (the all-seeing EYE) as the game master, monitoring what the players do. If a scrabble player tries to form a WORD that is not in the robot&#039;s dictionary, that player is immediately hit with a<strong> PENALTY</strong>, and the robot uses his robotic arm to automatically injure the offending player with a SABER.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kaminix">kaminix</a>] 10-8-2008(48): This kanji is a timeline. First we have the <em>eye</em> wittness observing the crime, then we have the prosectuor <em>talking</em> about the crime in court, finally we have the guilty being <strong>penalised</strong> for his crimes. Eye to words to action.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/uchifly">uchifly</a>] 17-2-2010(38): (Seppuku) The greatest<strong> PENALTY</strong> in Japan: You close your EYEs, say your last WORDS, put the SABER in...

