---
layout: kanji
v4: 891
v6: 957
kanji: 衡
keyword: equilibrium
elements: equilibrium, boulevard, going, bound up, rice field, brains, large, St. Bernard
strokes: 16
image: E8A1A1
on-yomi: コウ
permalink: /衡/
prev: 956
next: 958
heisig: "Boulevard . . . bound up . . . brains . . . St. Bernard dog."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Tweenk">Tweenk</a>] 10-3-2007(180): To maintain the social<strong> equilibrium</strong> in a future dystopian society, the <em>brains</em> of citizens are <em>bound up</em> (hypnotized). The government is using mental wave emitting statues shaped like <em>St. Bernard&#039;s dogs</em> put alongside the <em>boulevards</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/matt_jenkins">matt_jenkins</a>] 26-3-2008(165): I think BALANCE is an easier keyword. I was walking down a busy French <em>boulevard</em> when between the rushing traffic I saw the wierdest thing. BALANCING on the central crash barrier was a <em>St. Bernard dog</em>, BALANCING a <em>fish</em> on its nose. As I looked closer, I realised it was a trick; it was holding the fish&#039;s tail in its teeth, and only pretending to BALANCE it. (keeps the position of the elements!).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/boyprangko">boyprangko</a>] 20-10-2007(38): [<em>boulevard</em>... <em>bound up</em>... <em>rice field</em>... <em>large</em>...] imagine a <em>fish</em> walking a <em>boulevard</em> trying to maintain<strong> equilibrium</strong> having had its fins cut off and replaced by a <em>st. bernard</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/esaulgd">esaulgd</a>] 7-9-2007(23): The poor <em>St. Bernard</em> walking down the middle of the <em>boulevard</em> cannot see to mantain his <strong>equilibrium</strong>. It seems his <em>brain</em> is all <em>bound up</em> with alcohol.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kazelee">kazelee</a>] 25-7-2008(21): If you&#039;ve ever seen the movie<strong> Equilibrium</strong>, you know this kanji has it all. Bound minds, dogs, and building shaped like long columns enveloped by endless boulevards of soldiered surveillance. Add some imaginary gun katas and you&#039;ve got a lawsuit on your hands. If you&#039;ve never seen this movie, do, or.... CrazyWashu uses the field of<strong> equilibrium</strong> generated between Azaka and Kamidake to create a hybrid fish dog.

