---
layout: kanji
v4: 949
v6: 1020
kanji: 簿
keyword: register
elements: register, bamboo, water, water droplets, water pistol, acupuncturist, specialty, drop, ten, needle, rice field, brains, glue
strokes: 19
image: E7B0BF
on-yomi: ボ
permalink: /簿/
prev: 1019
next: 1021
heisig: "Bamboo . . . water . . . acupuncturist."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 19-1-2006(213): Note : the keyword is not a verb, think of a record book. This <em>acupuncturist</em> who uses <em>bamboo</em> in place of flowers to dilute <em>water</em> into his patients (see frame 227), managed somehow to appear on the<strong> register</strong> of acupuncturists. Chances are, he won&#039;t stay on the<strong> register</strong> for long. My image is close to that of gorgon&#039;s story.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gorgon">gorgon</a>] 29-1-2006(106): This doctor dilutes (see 227) his patients with bamboo stalks rather than the flowers of a standard diluting acupuncturist hence he needs to be on the Bamboo Accumpunturist Diltuers (BAD)<strong> register</strong>. Pumping that much water into a body can be dangerous; see the huge bamboo stems with gallons of water sloshing in and out of the patient.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/pmbeddall">pmbeddall</a>] 20-11-2007(25): The <em>acupuncturist</em> was not very good. His <em>bamboo</em> needles made his patients cry copious amounts of <em>water</em>. He was put on a<strong> register</strong> of doctors to avoid.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 5-9-2007(16): After <em>diluting</em> your bad humours with flowers in Frame 217, the <em>acupuncturist</em> pulls out a <em>bamboo</em> slab and asks you to sign the<strong> register</strong>, including your e-mail address, so that you can receive periodic updates on special promotions and also read his blog.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/chibimizuno">chibimizuno</a>] 16-9-2009(14): The keyword refers to<strong> register</strong> as in an expense book. I imagine a wealthy housewife writing up her elaborate and unnecessary expenses in her<strong> register</strong> notebook: fancy <em>bamboo</em> flatware, sparkling <em>water</em>, her weekly trip to the <em>acupuncturist</em>, and so on...

