---
layout: kanji
v4: 1037
v6: 1115
kanji: 夜
keyword: night
elements: night, top hat, person, walking legs, drop
strokes: 8
image: E5A49C
on-yomi: ヤ
kun-yomi: よ、よる
permalink: /1115/
redirect_from:
 - /夜/
 - /v4/1037/
prev: 1114
next: 1116
heisig: "First of all, be sure not to confuse the connotations of <b>night</b> with those of <i>evening</i> (Frame 114) and <i>nightbreak</i> (Frame 30). Its elements: <i>top hat</i> . . . <i>person</i> . . . <i>walking legs</i> . . . <i>drop</i>."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decamer0n">decamer0n</a>] 25-4-2007(216): Actually, the lower-right primitive isn&#039;t quite &quot;walking legs.&quot; It&#039;s a little more like &quot;evening&quot; with an extra stroke across it (look up the stroke order). So, it helps me to see this kanji for<strong> night</strong> as: <em>evening</em> plus an extra stroke representing the tuxedo tails to match the <em>top hat</em> which my special <em>person</em> is wearing out on the town...

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 18-10-2005(86): Here we have <em>Mister T</em> sleepwalking, wearing a <em>top hat</em> as if he was the ambassador of the<strong> night</strong>, walking, and walking and walking on his tired <em>walking legs</em>, until he <em>drops</em> (back into his bed).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 9-1-2008(46): An elegant vampire. Going out in his<strong> night</strong> suit with a top hat, the creature looks like a person with long walking legs. The drop is the blood that the vampire seeks.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dukelexon">dukelexon</a>] 8-1-2008(14): See this as an example of when the oldest profession in the world -- prostitution -- prefers to work. Even the wealthiest of gentleman in their <em>top hats</em> are ordinary <em>people</em>, and will not decline to deposit their <em>drops</em> between the <em>walking legs</em> of the streetwalkers out in the<strong> night</strong>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/harkren">harkren</a>] 15-8-2009(10): Mr T was taking a stroll during the evening with his brand new top hat, and without even noticing, it turned from evening to<strong> night</strong> in a dash.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/sgrant">sgrant</a>] 20-11-2008(7): The <em>jedi</em> party started in the <em>evening</em>. It was very posh, with <em>top hats</em>, <em>tuxedos</em> (the extra stroke on 夕 ) and went on late into the<strong> night</strong>.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/hornlo">hornlo</a>] 24-10-2010(4): [ <strong>night</strong> = <em>top hat</em> / (<em>person</em> + <em>walking legs</em> + <em>drop</em> ] - a vampire&#039;s <strong>night</strong> on the town, wearing a <em>top hat</em> and looking like an ordinary <em>person</em> out for a <em>walk</em> ... but notice that <em>drop</em> of blood.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/stormwyrm">stormwyrm</a>] 26-10-2011(3): <em>Tohsaka Rin</em> and Emiya Shirou have just had a wonderful<strong> night</strong> on the town, a formal dinner perhaps (so Shirou had to wear a tuxedo and a <em>top hat</em>), and have just gotten home. Shirou has thrown his <em>top hat</em> off to one side along with the rest of their clothes, as he prepares to deposit a <em>drop</em> in between Rin&#039;s <em>walking legs</em>.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/tritonxg">tritonxg</a>] 28-1-2010(3): [FR]nuit N3 <strong>YA yo yoru</strong> k&amp;k:471<em> chapeau haut de forme+homme+jambes qui marchent+goutte</em> <strong>monde de la nuit -&gt;Johnny Walker : </strong> le CHAPEAU HAUT DE FORME de l&#039;HOMME dont les JAMBES MARCHENT est le Johnny Walker dont on prend une GOUTTE la NUIT avant de s&#039;endormir 夜雨 【やう】night rain 夜桜 【よざくら】evening sakuras 夜鳥 【やちょう】nocturnal bird 夜景 【やけい】night view 夜市 【よいち】night market 夜討ち 【ようち】night attack 夜逃げ 【よにげ】night flight.

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/harhol">harhol</a>] 14-5-2009(3): A DROP between WALKING LEGS could suggest someone&#039;s <em>bladder about to burst</em>. Imagine MR.T on a raucous<strong> night</strong> out, taking off his TOP HAT and relieiving himself in order to avoid embarrassment.

