---
layout: kanji
v4: 1576
v6: 1698
kanji: 謹
keyword: discreet
elements: discreet, say, words, keitai, mouth, cabbage, flowers, mouth, grow up
strokes: 17
image: E8ACB9
on-yomi: キン
kun-yomi: つつし.む
permalink: /謹/
prev: 棒
next: 僅
primit: "cabbage The flower, the mouth, and the element for grow up combine here to create the primitive for cabbage. [10]"
heisig: "Words . . . cabbage."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/blackstockc">blackstockc</a>] 16-1-2008(224): Muttering words of gratitude for a wonderful meal, I<strong> discreet</strong>ly slipped my cabbage under the table for the dog.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/nest0r">nest0r</a>] 10-2-2008(135): <em>Cabbage</em> primitive: When a <em>cabbage</em> is <em>growing up</em>, you must put it in your <em>mouth</em> before it <em>flowers</em>, because that&#039;s when it becomes bitter. Seriously, it&#039;s called &#039;bolting&#039; or something. When you&#039;re<strong> discreet</strong>, you try to make your <em>words</em> like a <em>cabbage</em>: well-layered, but in an unassuming way.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kodorakun">kodorakun</a>] 6-5-2010(55): HOW TO REMEMBER CABBAGE: it&#039;s the flower that is shoved in your mouth while you are growing up (parents force feed you cabbage), note how the &quot;grow up&quot; primitive is pushed into the mouth primitive overlapping. &quot;Muttering words of gratitude for a wonderful meal, I<strong> discreet</strong>ly slipped my cabbage under the table for the dog.&quot;.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/raulir">raulir</a>] 27-12-2006(37): Be<strong> discreet</strong> and don&#039;t say to old people that their heads look like cabbages, even if they&#039;re all wrinkles.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/skinnyneo">skinnyneo</a>] 5-1-2009(26): Instead of cabbage here I see the Piranha Plant from Super Mario bros. It&#039;s a flower with a mouth and it grows up out of a pipe! Seems to make sense to me. But instead of regular Mario you have Socrates! So here is what is going on. Two Piranha Plants are<strong> discreet</strong>ly discussing when they will come up out of their pipes to hit Socrates. They have to talk<strong> discreet</strong>ly however becuase Socrates is standing right next to their pipes.

