---
layout: kanji
v4: 1594
v6: 1720
kanji: 序
keyword: preface
elements: preface, cave, beforehand
strokes: 7
image: E5BA8F
on-yomi: ジョ
kun-yomi: つい.で、ついで
permalink: /序/
prev: 1719
next: 1721
heisig: "Cave . . . beforehand."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/FudoMyo">FudoMyo</a>] 13-3-2007(308): The<strong> preface</strong> to all human history was written <em>beforehand</em> in <em>caves</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 29-1-2008(45): Rename the &quot;beforehand&quot; part to be <em>glove</em> (because you have to wear <em>gloves</em> beforehand if you want to wield the halberd, which is why this primitive is an incomplete halberd). The story: a winter morning. A textbook author is holed up in his tiny office, a veritable <em>cave</em>. He wants to start his masterpiece textbook by first writing the<strong> preface</strong>. But he can&#039;t get started. He sits and stares at empty paper until evening. It gets cold and he puts on <em>glove</em>s, shivering, but still unable to start his<strong> preface</strong>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/harusame">harusame</a>] 10-6-2009(41): In the<strong> preface</strong> to his latest edition of RTK, Heisig tells us that until he invented his brilliant kanji-learning method, he was living in a <em>cave beforehand</em>. Luckily, the publishing of the book gave him enough money to move out of the <em>cave</em> into an apartment. He could also finally afford to put a handle on his <em>halberd</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/lankydan">lankydan</a>] 30-11-2007(9): Read<strong> preface</strong> on the <em>cave beforehand</em> or you&#039;ll be sorry...

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Viking101">Viking101</a>] 24-1-2010(7): I suck at <em>tennis</em> so I picked up a book by Roger Federer. The<strong> preface</strong> tells how he was so awesome that he managed to defeat a <em>cave wall</em> in a one-on-one <em>tennis</em> match. The cave wall eventually gave up and collapsed. The rest of the book was about boring <em>tennis</em> strategies.

