---
layout: kanji
v4: 1628
v6: 1756
kanji: 欄
keyword: column
elements: column, tree, wood, gates, east, tree, wood, sun, day, tree2, wood2
strokes: 20
image: E6AC84
on-yomi: ラン
kun-yomi: てすり
permalink: /欄/
redirect_from:
 - /1756/
prev: 潤
next: 闘
heisig: "Tree . . . gates . . . east."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 9-9-2007(147): A <strong>column</strong> of text scratched on a black tree beside the <em>gates of Hell</em>: To the <em>East</em> lies The Beast.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Ricardo">Ricardo</a>] 28-5-2007(135): [column; handrail; blank; space] I think about <em>oriental</em> (<em>eastern</em>) Torii <em>gates</em>: they have two supporting <strong>column</strong>s made of <em>wood</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/snallygaster">snallygaster</a>] 14-4-2008(107): Ancient morning newspaper<strong> column</strong>, posted daily on a <strong>tree</strong> at the <strong>east gate</strong>. Why the <strong>east gate</strong>? Well, it&#039;s a morning paper, and the sun rises in the east, so the morning rays shining through the gate illuminate it nicely. I picture all the ojisan who rise in the wee hours gathering around the tree each, waiting for the sun rise so they can read the paper. &quot;Been coming here every day for 40 years! Can&#039;t start the day without my paper!&quot;.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rgravina">rgravina</a>] 20-8-2006(25): <em>Bill Gates</em> already dominates the software industry in the West, and now he is turning his attention to the <em>East</em>. Trying to gain popularity and a glentler image there he writes a <em>column</em> in newspapers there about how he plans to save the <em>trees</em> using the latest and greatest features of Windows Vista.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/DrJones">DrJones</a>] 10-3-2008(20): This is a <strong>column of text</strong>, as used in a newspaper. The trick for this kanji is that to mark the <strong>columns</strong> in the old printers, you place <em>wooden</em> blocks at certain intervals of the paper. Now, look at the right part; it looks as if you had put a <em>wooden</em> block in an <em>interval</em> primitive. That graphical reminder will help you to remember this kanji!!

