---
layout: kanji
v4: 1645
v6: 1774
kanji: 緯
keyword: horizontal
elements: horizontal, thread, spiderman, locket, stick, key, mouth, monocle, sunglasses with one lens missing
strokes: 16
image: E7B7AF
on-yomi: イ
kun-yomi: よこいと、ぬき
permalink: /緯/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/1645/
prev: 違
next: 衛
heisig: "Thread . . . locket."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/notgoing2argue">notgoing2argue</a>] 31-8-2007(311): Spiderman buys a <em>locket</em> for Mary Jane because he wants to get<strong> HORIZONTAL</strong> with her.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/akrodha">akrodha</a>] 31-5-2007(54): Spiderman on a boat, marking the Earth&#039;s <strong>latitudes</strong>. He first attaches a personal locket to a small piece of thread for ballast and good luck, and shoots with his right hand. After a few minutes (and lots and lots of thread), the <em>locket and thread</em> have flown around the world. Spiderman catches the locket with his left hand, and ties the thread&#039;s ends together. Voilà.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 21-1-2006(27): Hint : this kanji also means &quot;latitude&quot;, which are the<strong> horizontal</strong> lines on a globe. Do you remember James Heisig&#039;s story for frame 175 &quot;black ink&quot; ? Here a cartographer on a ship, is using his &quot;<em>thread locket</em>&quot; to mark<strong> horizontal</strong> lines on a map. He pulls a chalked thread from the locket, and snaps it to mark<strong> horizontal</strong> lines. Imagine the &quot;thread-locket&quot; in the shape of a globe, filled with dark powder and a little bobbin of thread.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/scotty28">scotty28</a>] 14-12-2009(17): Spiderman gave up being spiderman and promised Mary Jane to live the<strong> horizontal</strong> life like the rest of us. Whenever he starts to feel like he wants to go back to his spidy ways, he takes out his locket with a mary jane picture to remind him that he will forever live<strong> horizontal</strong>y.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/lifeflaw">lifeflaw</a>] 26-3-2009(13): Imagine yourself tie a <em>locket</em> to the end of a <em>thread</em> and spin it<strong> horizontal</strong>ly..

