---
layout: kanji
v4: 1700
v6: 1835
kanji: 抑
keyword: repress
elements: repress, finger, fingers, stamp album, box, stamps
strokes: 7
image: E68A91
on-yomi: ヨク
kun-yomi: おさ.える
permalink: /抑/
prev: 1834
next: 1836
heisig: "Fingers . . . box . . . stamps."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rgravina">rgravina</a>] 12-9-2006(193): A true <em>stamp</em> collecting nerd won&#039;t be able to<strong> repress</strong> the urge to get his <em>fingers</em> on the latest <em>box</em> of collector <em>stamps</em>!

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/johnzep">johnzep</a>] 10-8-2007(102): They would <strong>repress</strong> dissents by cutting off their <em>fingers</em> and mailing them to relatives in <em>small boxes</em> (of course including <em>stamps</em> for proper postage).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dukelexon">dukelexon</a>] 12-4-2008(49): A chikan (bus-molester) tries to<strong> repress</strong> his <em>finger</em>-groping desire by refusing to travel by bus anymore. Instead, he seals himself in a <em>box</em>, makes sure there are enough <em>postage stamps</em> on the outside, and mails himself. He&#039;s a good man at heart , you see... just a bit of a slave to his libido. (I suggest using this same Chikan as the primitive for the &quot;box and stamp&quot; combo on the right side of this kanji, which come up more than once later on).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/jajaaan">jajaaan</a>] 30-12-2009(29): I&#039;m just gonna say what we&#039;re all thinking. Young women work hard to<strong> repress</strong> their urges to put their <em>fingers</em> in their <em>boxes</em> because if their mothers found out, they could be <em>stamped</em> with a big WHORE stamp across their faces for the rest of their lives. Such a stamping is avoided by severe <strong>repression</strong>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/raulir">raulir</a>] 29-12-2006(15): The right side is a rabbit ( 卯 ) that has lost one ear. He (I&#039;m thinking of a cartoony rabbit who has lost the ear in some battle with an enemy) has to<strong> repress</strong> (concretely, with his fingers!) his urge to revenge, which is hard to contain in his little head.

