---
layout: kanji
v4: 1729
v6: 1866
kanji: 斉
keyword: adjusted
elements: adjusted, sentence, plaid, kilt, Billy Connolly, two, fenceposts, cabers
strokes: 8
image: E69689
on-yomi: セイ、サイ
kun-yomi: そろ.う、ひと.しい、ひと.しく、あたる、はやい
permalink: /1866/
redirect_from:
 - /斉/
 - /v4/1729/
prev: 1865
next: 1867
heisig: "<i>Plaid</i> . . . <i>fenceposts</i> . . . <i>two</i>. Do not confuse with <i>just so</i> (Frame 414)."
primit: "fenceposts i This element means just what it looks like: two fenceposts. They enclose whatever comes between them, as distinct from a pair of walking sticks (see FRAME 250 介). [2]"
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 11-9-2007(182): The <em>Scotsman goalkeeper</em> <strong>adjusted</strong> himself. He reached down and <strong>adjusted</strong> the <em>two things</em> between his skinny fencepost <em>legs</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/romanrozhok">romanrozhok</a>] 23-2-2008(49): This kanji means &quot;symmetry&quot; not &quot;adjusted.&quot; STORY: The TWO FENCEPOSTS need to be SYMMETRICAL in size, otherwise you may smash your mouth into the lower side and start saying naughty SENTENCES.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/RoboTact">RoboTact</a>] 2-8-2007(31): You are trying to stretch a <em>plaid</em> between <em>two</em> <em>fenceposts</em>. It&#039;s not easy, as for all wrinkles to go away posts&#039; positions must be carefully <strong>adjusted</strong>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/FudoMyo">FudoMyo</a>] 26-4-2007(28): HINT: this kanji as a primitive can mean <em>goalkeeper</em>. The &quot;fence posts&quot; are goalposts, and the two goalkeepers wear plaid uniforms (this kanji also means <strong>uniform</strong> as in even), making them uniform with each other and distinguishing them as goalkeepers from the rest of the team.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 19-12-2007(20): [+dingomick] The <em>Scottish goalkeeper</em> has lost both of his legs and was forced to replace them with two bent <em>white picket fenceposts</em> nailed together with two boards, but that hasn&#039;t stopped him from playing his favorite sport: soccer. Imagine the camera zooming in on him after he makes a great play: &quot;Great save! Ah, there he is reaching under his <em>kilt</em> - he just<strong> adjusted</strong> his fencepost legs. There he goes again, oop, looks like he just<strong> adjusted</strong> something else as well!&quot;.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/chamcham">chamcham</a>] 25-3-2010(16): The sentence on sign strung up between the two fenceposts was so long, the placement of the fenceposts had to be<strong> adjusted</strong>. This kanji almost looks like a pictograph of the sentence (kanji) above the fenceposts with a a sign strung between them that is so long it bursts out on top.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Teskal">Teskal</a>] 31-5-2009(6): German: Wenn man <em>Texte</em> traditionell auf Japanisch schreiben lernen will, sollte man das Blatt erst einmal dafür vorbereiten. Man muß man <em>gleichmäßige</em> Kästchen haben. Dazu braucht man senkrechte <em>Zaunpfähle</em>, die auf dem Blatt von oben nach ganz unten reichen. Das erste Kästchen zeichnet man <strong>gleichmäßig</strong> in dem man <em>2</em> Striche zieht.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Sleepyhead">Sleepyhead</a>] 24-4-2009(6): The <em>sentence</em> was<strong> adjusted</strong> to fit in between the <em>two</em> <em>fenceposts</em>.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rowdyphantom">rowdyphantom</a>] 31-8-2009(5): Do you realize how hard it is to get <em>two plaid</em>-draped <em>fence posts</em> lined up so the plaid is <strong>symmetrical</strong>?

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Filip">Filip</a>] 1-3-2008(4): 2 scotsman playing soccer. They both are goalkeepers. The use fencepost as goals. You see one of them adjusting the fences so that his goal becomes smaller. Used to be symmertical before that.

