---
layout: kanji
v4: 1738
v6: 1875
kanji: 渋
keyword: astringent
elements: astringent, water, water droplets, water pistol, stop, footprint, sparkler
strokes: 11
image: E6B88B
on-yomi: ジュウ、シュウ
kun-yomi: しぶ、しぶ.い、しぶ.る
permalink: /1875/
redirect_from:
 - /渋/
 - /astringent/
 - /v4/1738/
prev: 1874
next: 1876
heisig: "Water . . . footprint . . . sparkler."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/meolox">meolox</a>] 20-2-2008(184): If you eat something<strong> astringent</strong> <em>water</em> will <em>stop</em> the <em>sparkly</em> sensation in your mouth.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/wrightak">wrightak</a>] 6-7-2006(144): I think that Heisig meant this as the &quot;slightly bitter but fresh&quot; meaning that it can have to describe foods like lemons (しぶい). So imagine a guy trying a cocktail (<em>water</em>), feeling like he&#039;s been kicked in the face (<em>footprint</em>) and <em>sparks</em> are flying from his tongue. &#039;How did it taste?&#039;. &#039;Hmm, yes, slightly bitter, but fresh&quot;.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mcfate">mcfate</a>] 23-10-2007(51): An<strong> astringent</strong> is also a medical term for something that causes puckering of the flesh or can stop bleeding. An<strong> astringent</strong> is the <em>liquid</em> you&#039;d need if you <em>step</em> on a <em>sparkler</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 11-9-2007(21): Only <strong>astringent</strong> <em>water</em> is strong enough to <em>stop</em> a <em>sparkler</em>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Mary_K">Mary_K</a>] 24-9-2009(16): You ate something<strong> astringent</strong>? Quickly drink this <em>water</em> here to <em>stop</em> the <em>sparkly</em> sensation. (+meolox).

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 19-12-2007(10): [+cham,mcfate] I was walking around in Shibuya during some sort of festival. There were <em>sparklers</em> everywhere, and I accidentally stepped with my bare <em>foot</em> on one, causing liquid to leak out. As I sat on the curb and screamed in pain, a nice kid came up, pulled a lemon out of his pocket, held my foot in his hands, and proceeded to drool all over my wound. &quot;This is an<strong> astringent</strong>,&quot; he said, &quot;the lemon and the wet saliva combine to help close up your wound better than mere <em>water</em> ever could&quot;.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gavmck">gavmck</a>] 9-1-2010(5): Dried persimmons 干し柿 (ほしがき) are popular in Japan. They are made from a variety called 渋柿 (しぶがき). When raw they are too<strong> astringent</strong>; the taste is as unpleasant as a mouthful of <em>sparklers</em>. The drying process is <em>stopped</em> when much of the <em>water</em> has disappeared. Now they are delicious. HINT: Primitive order: Removing <em>water stops sparkler</em> <strong>astringency</strong>.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/potempkin">potempkin</a>] 26-12-2008(5): Lemonade is a rather<strong> astringent</strong> summertime drink. You know that it&#039;s basically <em>water</em>, but you end up buying it anyway when you <em>stop</em> at the store to get <em>sparklers</em> for the Fourth of July.

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 28-9-2008(5): I have to <em>stop</em> for a bit after every sip of this <em>sparkly water</em> because it&#039;s so<strong> astringent</strong>.

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 5-2-2008(5): On your birthday your friends dare you to eat a whole basket of kaki (<strong>astringent</strong> fruit). You munch down bite after bite of the<strong> astringent</strong> fruit as the <em>drops</em> of saliva in your mouth seem to dry up. You have to <em>stop</em> before finishing the whole basket - it&#039;s impossible to continue. At this point your mouth is tightly puckered shut from the<strong> astringent</strong> fruit. Your friends make fun of you and stick a birthday <em>sparkler</em> in your tightly puckered mouth.

