---
layout: kanji
v4: 1800
v6: 1940
kanji: 港
keyword: harbor
elements: harbor, deluge, water, water droplets, water pistol, scene, strung together, salad, animal legs, eight, snake, self
strokes: 12
image: E6B8AF
on-yomi: コウ
kun-yomi: みなと
permalink: /港/
prev: 1939
next: 1941
heisig: "Deluge . . . snakes."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Raichu">Raichu</a>] 20-6-2007(187): During a <em>deluge</em>, all the poor <em>snakes</em> get washed into the <strong>harbour</strong>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Django">Django</a>] 1-10-2007(120): All throughout the <em>deluge</em> Noah had been kicking himself for forgetting to bring any <em>snakes</em> onto the <em>Ark</em>. It wasn&#039;t until the <em>deluge</em> had finished, and Noah had brought the <em>Ark</em> safely back to the <strong>harbour</strong> that he realised that the <em>snakes</em> had been under the <em>Ark</em> all along.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/cangy">cangy</a>] 10-4-2008(72): <strong>The Office of Film and Literature Classification advises that this story is rated M due to moderate horror violence, moderate coarse language, sex scene and incidental drug use.</strong> &quot;Enough is enough! I have had it with these motherfucking <em>snakes</em> on this motherfucking <em>Ark</em>! Get it to the <strong>harbour</strong> now!&quot; (thanks rgravina and uragi).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/torida">torida</a>] 3-4-2010(31): <strong>While edited for consistency and more family oriented viewing, the Office of Film and Literature Classification still advises that this story is rated M due to moderate horror violence, moderate coarse language, sex scene and incidental drug use.</strong> After weeks of <em>water</em> getting in and <em>snakes</em> sliding under his feet, Noah proclaimed &quot;Enough is enough! I have had it with these motherf•••ing <em>snakes</em> on this motherf•••ing <em>Ark</em>! Get it to the <strong>harbour</strong> now!&quot; (thanks cangy rgravina and uragi).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Zactacular">Zactacular</a>] 18-9-2007(6): When the cargo ship from Africa unloaded it&#039;s cargo onto the<strong> harbor</strong>, a <em>deluge</em> of <em>snakes</em> came pouring out of the cargo hold.

