---
layout: kanji
v4: 1858
v6: 2002
kanji: 逓
keyword: parcel post
elements: parcel post, drag, cornstalk, belt, road
strokes: 10
image: E98093
on-yomi: テイ
kun-yomi: かわ.る、たがいに
permalink: /逓/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/1858/
prev: 衆
next: 段
heisig: "Drag . . . cornstalk . . . belt . . . road."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Virtua_Leaf">Virtua_Leaf</a>] 23-1-2008(211): (I prefer <em>2 towels</em> over cornstalk and belt) - Have you ever wondered why your parcels always end up in such bad condition when you get them? Or why you never get them at all? That&#039;s because you&#039;ve never looked at how they&#039;re actually delivered - each postman is given a load of<strong> parcel post</strong> and <em>2 towels</em> to <em>drag</em> them down the <em>road</em> on.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 11-1-2007(109): In the ancient <strong>parcel post</strong>, they just would <em>drag</em> the packages behind them tied to <em>cornstalks</em> woven into a long <em>belt</em> down the <em>road</em>. It was a wonder than anything arrived intact.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Elphalpo">Elphalpo</a>] 1-9-2008(73): People complained about the delivery methods of UPS after finding out that they loaded<strong> parcel post</strong> onto a <em>towel</em> and <em>dragged</em> it down the <em>road</em>. As a result, UPS have completely revamped their delivery system. Now they use <em>two towels</em>. (thanks Virtua Leaf).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/bexinkyushu">bexinkyushu</a>] 24-8-2011(13): According to Jim Breen (whom I&#039;m always inclined to trust more than Heisig) the keyword for this kanji should be <strong>relay</strong> (as in to send something). Story: when amazon.com get a complaint about their<strong> parcel post</strong>, they <strong>relay</strong> a message of apology to the customer with a gift of <em>belted up cornstalk</em>. The message attached says &quot;this gift of cornstalk has been <em>dragged</em> a long <em>road</em> straight from the amazon to your door&quot;..

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Immacolata">Immacolata</a>] 8-5-2006(11): In the days before UPS and suchlike the<strong> parcel post</strong> had to walk on the long country roads from town to town. This one is dragging behind him a sled full of packages and for himself he has a cornstalk hanging from his belt, as supplies.

