---
layout: kanji
v4: 1900
v6: 2049
kanji: 蒸
keyword: steam
elements: steam, flowers, helping hand, complete, water, one, floor, oven-fire, barbecue
strokes: 13
image: E892B8
on-yomi: ジョウ、セイ
kun-yomi: む.す、む.れる、む.らす
permalink: /2049/
redirect_from:
 - /蒸/
 - /steam/
 - /v4/1900/
prev: 2048
next: 2050
heisig: "The <i>flower</i> at the top and the <i>floor</i> with the <i>oven fire</i> beneath are familiar. The problem is what comes in between. It is formed by the character for <i>complete</i>, whose vertical stroke doubles up as the first stroke of <i>water</i>."
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 31-12-2005(181): This kanji is used in compounds for the<strong> steam</strong>ing of food and also for smoking/fumigation. Here we have the Japanese once again trying to replicate the French cuisine, only with a twist,<strong> steam</strong>ing food with flowers (think of flower-smoked ham for example). Flowers must first be <em>completely soaked in water</em>, and then poured over a thin piece of <em>flooring</em> under which there is an <em>oven fire</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 25-3-2008(136): Note: <em>complete + water + floor</em> are later combined into 丞 <a href="../v4/2919">helping hand</a> (#2919 丞). Story: The driver of a<strong> steam</strong> train asks you for a <em>helping hand</em> and explains that your job is to throw <em>flowers</em> on the <em>fire</em> to make the<strong> steam</strong>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/crystalcastlecreature">crystalcastlecreature</a>] 14-10-2009(63): (EASY KANJI!) At the top we see hot<strong> steam</strong> forming FLOWERS. At the bottom we see the STOVE FIRE heating the bottom of a pan. So what&#039;s in the middle causing all this<strong> steam</strong>? Its all COMPLETELY WATER.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/nest0r">nest0r</a>] 28-4-2008(31): I keep forgetting this primitive, so <em>completely</em>/<em>water</em> for me will be a sort of <em>water sprite</em> or elemental, a <em>child-like</em> creature <em>completely</em> made of <em>water</em>. -------- It used to be thought that to create<strong> steam</strong>, you had to trap the <em>water sprite</em> (using some sort of magical <em>flowers</em> as a lure), and place them over a thin piece of <em>flooring</em> under which there&#039;s an <em>oven fire</em>. The<strong> steam</strong> then <em>flowers</em> from the <em>water sprite</em> (re: fuaburisu).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/synewave">synewave</a>] 10-12-2006(16): When you want to<strong> steam</strong> some <em>flowers/vegetation</em> you don&#039;t cover them <em>completely</em> with <em>water</em>, rather you have just a little at the <em>floor</em> of the saucepan and then <em>heat</em>.

6) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/captal">captal</a>] 18-6-2008(10): From the famous &quot;Cooking for Ogres &amp; Giants&quot; we find the delicacy- &quot;<strong>Steam</strong>ed human baby.&quot; To properly prepare this dish first <em>completely</em> wrap your babies in <em>flowers</em>, then submerge in 20 L of <em>water</em> to marinate, next light the <em>fire</em> on the bottom (<em>floor</em>) of your saucepan. Wait until the water starts to<strong> steam</strong> and throw throw your babies in! Cook for 25 minutes. Serves 2-4.

7) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 12-10-2008(8): <em>Flames</em> under the <em>floor</em> of the<strong> steam</strong> room turn <em>water completely</em> into<strong> steam</strong>, which is collected and reused to water the <em>flowers</em>.

8) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/yo6shi9">yo6shi9</a>] 27-2-2010(5): Note: <em>complete + water + floor</em> are later combined into 丞 <a href="../v4/2919">helping hand</a> (#2919 丞). Story: The maker of a<strong> steam</strong> tea machine asks you for a <em>helping hand</em> and explains that your job is to throw Jasmine <em>flowers</em> on the <em>fire</em> to make the<strong> steam</strong>. RTK2:　ジョウ 蒸発 じょうはつ(evaporation).

9) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/TheSleeve">TheSleeve</a>] 8-11-2007(5): The police break into the witch&#039;s house and show a warrant accusing her of cooking children. They open the CAULDRON, but the witch says &quot;See, only FLOWERS and WATER...&quot; However, when the<strong> STEAM</strong> clears, they see a CHILD COMPLETELY wrapped up and submerged in the WATER. (remember, 了 is a child completely wrapped up, and here it appears inside the element 水 for water) Man, that was tough!

10) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/thomasritz">thomasritz</a>] 30-8-2009(3): [nicht verwechseln mit &quot;Dampf&quot;; Bedeutung ist eher dunstige Luft]. Die <em>Blumen</em> sind fix und <em>fertig</em> vom <em>Wasser</em>. Sie wünschen sich einen <em>Fußboden</em> mit <em>Ofenfeuer</em> darunter, damit das <em>Wasser</em> ver<strong>dunst</strong>et.

