---
layout: kanji
v4: 1928
v6: 2078
kanji: 単
keyword: simple
elements: simple, owl, rice field, brains, ten, needle
strokes: 9
image: E58D98
on-yomi: タン
kun-yomi: ひとえ
permalink: /単/
prev: 2077
next: 2079
heisig: "<i>Owl</i> . . . <i>brain</i> . . . <i>needle</i>. The sense is &quot;not complex.&quot;"
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/synewave">synewave</a>] 20-12-2006(208): Owls are smart...for this <em>owl</em> everything is<strong> simple</strong> coz his <em>brain</em> is <em>ten</em> times more powerful than mine.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/nekoyaki">nekoyaki</a>] 8-6-2009(31): For <em>owl</em>s, finding a <em>needle</em> in a <em>rice field</em> is<strong> simple</strong> (much better eyesight than us humans).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 6-1-2006(26): A girl who was working at <em>Hooters</em> thought she was going to be fired because her breasts were too small. She went to an acupuncturist who convinced her that planting <em>needles</em> into her <em>brain</em> would increase the size of her breasts. Of course, all that did is she was fired and although she wasn&#039;t very smart to begin with, now she&#039;s<strong> simple</strong>-minded for life. As a primitive let this kanji be &quot;simple-minded blond girl&quot; (ex-<em>Hooters Girl</em>). Keep the image distinct from &quot;Hooters Girl&quot; (top 3 strokes).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 20-3-2008(17): Careful: <a href="../v4/1621">simplicity</a> (#1621 簡). There was an 80&#039;s pop group called &quot;Simple Minds&quot; (simple <em>brains</em>). Their most famous song was &quot;Don&#039;t you forget about me&quot; which started out with, &quot;Hey hey hey hey, oouuh oouuh wooah ho-ooh&quot;, which kind of sounds like an <em>owl</em>&#039;s &quot;hoo hoo&quot; call. The song became a top <em>ten</em> hit. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Minds">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Minds</a> Primitive meaning: imbecilic guards from Monty Python/Holy Grail (who can&#039;t even understand the<strong> simple</strong> instruction to &quot;stay here and guard the prisoner&quot;).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Django">Django</a>] 6-10-2007(12): &quot;How do you perform a labotomy, <em>Owl</em>?&quot; Pooh asks one day. In his characteristically supercilious tone, <em>Owl</em> replies, &quot;<strong>Simple</strong>, my<strong> simple</strong> friend. I shall show you by performing one on myself. You see one just has to remove one&#039;s <em>brain</em>, like so, and put it on a <em>needle</em> and then...oh, Pooh, I don&#039;t feel very well....&quot; Alas, Pooh is no longer paying attention, because he&#039;s currently watching The<strong> Simple</strong> Life, the primitive reading for this kanji.

