---
layout: kanji
v4: 2026
v6: 2182
kanji: 嚇
keyword: upbraid
elements: menacing, upbraid, mouth, incandescent, red, red2
strokes: 17
image: E59A87
on-yomi: カク
kun-yomi: おど.かす
permalink: /嚇/
redirect_from:
 - /2182/
prev: 襲
next: 朕
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/billyclyde">billyclyde</a>] 18-10-2007(193): To<strong> upbraid</strong> someone, you criticize them in a menacing way. In other words, you jaw at them with your MOUTH until both sides of their face turn RED (hence the double-red).

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 20-2-2008(77): Tip: Heisig later names 赫 &quot;red + red&quot; as <a href="../v4/2908.html">incandescent</a> (#2908 赫). Story: &quot;So the boss<strong> upbraid</strong>ed you, huh?&quot;. &quot;Yep, his <em>mouth</em> was <em>incandescent</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/FudoMyo">FudoMyo</a>] 8-11-2007(30): Halpern&#039;s dictionary goes with <strong>intimidate</strong>, so I&#039;ll stick to <strong>menacing</strong>. The kanji for red ( 赤 ) is usually only fully formed when it is on the left, as in 赦 , so as a primitive, fully red on the left = <em>commie</em>. This kanji is unusual in that the commies (2 of them!) have moved over to the right and taken over this entire kanji. The little mouth on the left is protesting what can only be a pictoral representation of the <strong>red menace</strong>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 9-4-2007(16): A father <strong>upbraid</strong>s his daughter for the <em>red</em> lipstick and little <em>red</em> dress. &quot;You&#039;re not going out like that!&quot;.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 15-1-2006(11): Kanji meanings : to reproach, to scold (note the <em>mouth</em> to the left). This english word is unusual for me, as I thought it referred to braids. So to tie it all up together I imagine two women of the middle-age playing cards. One of them puts down <em>a pair of reds</em> (the <em>red</em> cards, to avoid the primitive <em>two</em>, which is not the same). The other woman thinks she is cheating, and they start scolding each other (that is<strong> upbraid</strong>ing, with their <em>mouth</em>), and pulling each other&#039;s braids up.

