---
layout: kanji
v4: 2034
v6: 2190
kanji: 且
keyword: moreover
elements: moreover, shelf, my bookshelves
strokes: 5
image: E4B894
on-yomi: ショ、ソ、ショウ
kun-yomi: か.つ
permalink: /且/
redirect_from:
 - /2190/
prev: 屯
next: 藻
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/jaresty">jaresty</a>] 4-12-2007(145): <em>Moreover</em> is a literary term to <em>shelve</em> what you had just been talking about, to come back to it later.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/fuaburisu">fuaburisu</a>] 15-1-2006(91): Same as darg_sama. Play on words. I imagine visiting someone who has an impressive collection of medals and trophies (chess champion, for example). After spending an hour showing you all the trophies in the <em>glass shelf</em>, you think &quot;Whew! It&#039;s over.&quot; ... but the person says &quot;... and wait, there&#039;s &quot;moreover&quot; !&quot;, pointing at more trophies lined atop the <em>glass shelf</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/vosmiura">vosmiura</a>] 30-12-2007(62): <em>Shelves</em> are useful for storing things, and<strong> moreover</strong> they are responsible for splattering the brains of monarchs on tatami mats.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Boeso">Boeso</a>] 8-5-2008(22): I love Ikea SHELVES. &quot;MOREOVER here please!&quot; I shout to the assistant at the store so I can put all my new Japanese texts into them!

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/rtkrtk">rtkrtk</a>] 18-3-2008(14): Imagine an impossibly pedantic rulekeeper (e.g. a judge, or a teacher, or a parent) who is lecturing you about everything you have done wrong. He stands before the <em>bookshelf</em> of rule books and starts at the bottom, pulling out a book. &quot;First of all, you did this wrong,&quot; he says, pointing at a rule in the first book. &quot;<strong>Moreover</strong>,&quot; he says, pulling out the next book, &quot;you also did this wrong.&quot;<strong> Moreover</strong>, and<strong> moreover</strong>, and<strong> moreover</strong>, he continues, pulling out each rulebook in turn and pointing out your errors.

