---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2066
kanji: 鑿
keyword: bore
strokes: 28
permalink: /鑿/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2066/
 - /bore/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/raulir">raulir</a>] 11-1-2007(44): This is pretty much only used in the word 鑿 (のみ), chisel. Missile + metal is obviously a hammer being swung. The needle is the chisel and the mortar represents the impressions left (<strong>bored</strong>) by the chisel. For some reason the chisel is used to make a row of such impressions here, and the work is done in such a difficult place that it has to be done upside down. Perhaps this is some sort of sabotage, done in a place that is not readily visible to the outside.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/At0m5k">At0m5k</a>] 4-8-2009(36): Hanging <em>upside down in a row</em> are <em>ten</em> <em>mortar</em>s. You must shoot chisel tipped <em>missile</em>s into all of them and successfully<strong> bore</strong> holes through them in order to get the prize of <em>gold</em>. Talk about a messed up county fair game!

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 24-10-2008(11): At <em>Staples</em> someone used a <em>needle</em> to<strong> bore</strong> a hole through the bathroom wall, turning it into an <em>adult movie theater</em> where a <em>Golden</em>eye can get his <em>missile</em> launched.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/aircawn">aircawn</a>] 17-9-2007(6): Going the chisel route... (the <em>missile</em> that comes down on the <em>metal</em>) the<strong> bore</strong> work is done on pieces that are <em>hung upside down</em> in a <em>dry</em> place. That&#039;s to prevent rust or mould from affecting the tool or the work. If, unfortunately, rust or mould does form, then the piece is only as good as <em>mortar</em> ammo.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/tuuli">tuuli</a>] 29-10-2008(4): To<strong> bore</strong>, take an <em>upside down row</em> of <em>needles</em> to try to get through the <em>mortar</em> (of granite). If that doesn&#039;t work, use a <em>missile</em>, then surely you can get to the <em>gold</em>!

