---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2068
kanji: 艘
keyword: small craft
strokes: 16
on-yomi: ショウ
permalink: /艘/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/cb4960">cb4960</a>] 8-1-2008(48): In military terms, a <strong>small craft</strong> is a <em>boat</em> that only has enough room for a <em>mortar</em> that fires <em>walking sticks</em> - which is pretty useless unless you hit the enemy in the <em>crotch</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 14-2-2007(34): In a<strong> small craft</strong>, the <em>boat</em> is so small that you hit yourself in the <em>crotch</em> when trying to use a <em>mortar</em> and <em>walking stick</em> (as a pestle).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/cameron_en">cameron_en</a>] 4-11-2008(13): The<strong> small craft</strong> was a tiny <em>boat</em> made from a <em>mortar</em> and had a <em>walking stick</em> for a mast. It was so tiny that I couldn&#039;t even fit my <em>crotch </em> inside it.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 25-6-2008(6): [+nest0r] A drug dealer from Italy goes out into the sea in his gondola to make drugs (the Mediterranean is fairly lawless). It&#039;s small, so he has to hold the <em>mortar</em> between his <em>crotch</em> and use the <em>walking stick</em> he uses to navigate the Italian rivers to grind. He is flagged down by a concerned navy boat - but he hides the drugs in his <em>crotch</em> and says he&#039;s fine. The naval officer - &quot;not that I was looking - but did you see the size of that thing? Looked like he was really packing!&quot; (think about it...).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/nest0r">nest0r</a>] 5-6-2008(3): Creative drug dealers go lo-tech and take a<strong> small craft</strong> (easily hidden, fast, efficient) out into international waters, and while they&#039;re in the <em>boat</em> they can legally use their <em>mortar and pestle</em> to grind up buffalo <em>crotch</em> or whatever to make special kinds of aphrodisiacs/speed/E/et cetera.

