---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2093
kanji: 兎
keyword: rabbit
strokes: 8
permalink: /兎/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2093/
 - /rabbit/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/billyclyde">billyclyde</a>] 17-10-2007(31): A real<strong> rabbit</strong> always leaves DROPs of poo pellets behind, and his ears are no longer bound up (compere <a href="../v4/1972">excuse</a> (#1972 免)), so they flap above like helicopter blades (pictograph), and his MOUTH still is wide-open with the STAFF-like tongue, and his powerful LEGS still look like a human&#039;s.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decals">decals</a>] 22-8-2010(13): Super<strong> Rabbit</strong>: This<strong> rabbit</strong> has helicopter ears and drops pellets on his enemies while flying. Because he&#039;s super<strong> rabbit</strong>, he gets his own kanji. Unlike that other loser who is always making excuses. <a href="../v4/1972">excuse</a> (#1972 免) He can settle for a primitive.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/raulir">raulir</a>] 11-4-2007(9): Also written 兔, which differs from 免 by the combining of the fifth and seventh strokes (written bound, mouth, legs, dot). According to kakijun.main.jp, the center of 兎 is written open mouth+stick+closing stroke of mouth. The binding day schedule of the excuse-making Alice<strong> rabbit</strong> ( 晩 ) is gone, and only ears, mouth, (powerful, almost human-like) legs and drop-tail remain. In 兔 there&#039;s a foot in the mouth and in 兎 an ear tip. Strange<strong> rabbit</strong>ses.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 24-4-2007(7): This beautiful <strong>rabbit</strong> is <em>Bugs&#039;</em> girlfriend. She&#039;s got her ears done up different on top, so the ends <em>drop</em> down along the side of her <em>mouth</em>, just like a pretty girl&#039;s hair. Of course, the <em>walking stick</em> between the eyes isn&#039;t so cool, but the <em>Bugs-like</em> <em>human legs</em> are cool. Looks like she&#039;s gonna <em>drop</em> that hanky, so that Bugs can try to win the heart of this vamp <strong>rabbit</strong>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/gavmck">gavmck</a>] 16-3-2010(4): This is the killer<strong> rabbit</strong> from Monty Python (and The Holy Grail). Not content with a bit (<em>long top drop</em>) of carrot, here we see <em>human legs</em> in its <em>mouth</em>. And there&#039;s a <em>drop</em> of blood dripping from it&#039;s <em>mouth</em>! On a final note, the victim had tried to ram a <em>walking stick</em> in the<strong> rabbit</strong>&#039;s mouth in a vain attempt to avoid his fate.

