---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2130
kanji: 脩
keyword: dried meat
strokes: 11
on-yomi: シュウ
permalink: /脩/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2130/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Peppi">Peppi</a>] 12-5-2009(26): Once again, <em>Mr. T</em> ventured out into the remote area to visit his <em>old taskmaster</em> (see <a href="../v4/958">permanence/remote</a> (#958 悠)). However, the <em>old taskmaster</em> has become very weak. His <em>flesh</em> looks like<strong> dried meat</strong> and his heart almost stopped (no heart). He stayed a whole <em>month</em> to take care about his former teacher.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 23-4-2007(11): <em>Mr. T</em> doesn&#039;t like <strong>dried meat</strong>. He&#039;s been known to take a <em>walking stick</em> to the <em>taskmaster</em> trying to hand him a piece of <em>meat</em> that had been dried out. No, <em>Mr. T</em> doesn&#039;t like <strong>dried meat</strong> a-t a-l-l!

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 28-6-2008(4): If you recall from <a href="../v4/1722">discipline</a> (#1722 修), <em>Hitler</em> was standing on top of <em>Ditto</em> trying to discipline him (read: smacking him repeatedly with a <em>walking stick</em>) into being able to faithfully reproduce a likeness of <em>Mr T</em>. <em>Hitler</em> keeps whacking and whacking, and whacking! He actually forgets to look down to see if <em>Ditto</em> is handling this okay - and when he finally does, <em>Ditto</em> has lost his flexibility and has turned into a small piece of<strong> dried meat</strong>. &quot;Oh vell,&quot; thinks Hitler, &quot;I vas hunkry anyvay.&quot;.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kapalama">kapalama</a>] 28-10-2010(3): 束脩 <a href="../v4/2130">dried meat</a> (#2130 脩) シュウ, おさむ ... Parts: 修 -彡, 月 (cf: 悠 <a href="../v4/958">permanence/remote</a> (#958 悠), 修 <a href="../v4/1722">discipline</a> (#1722 修), 篠 <a href="../v4/2639">slender bamboo</a> (#2639 篠) ... Note: Usually the male name おさむ ... Story: Historically the offering of<strong> dried meat</strong> ( 束脩 ) given by an apprentice to a master when coming for training. So to get 修 <a href="../v4/1722">discipline</a> (#1722 修), an apprentice must bring meat. Then over time that meat is Shaped into Discipline.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/sgrant">sgrant</a>] 30-4-2009(2): Here, we see <em>Yoda</em> with his <em>walking stick</em> in hand, playing the <em>taskmaster</em>. This time he&#039;s conjuring up images of <strong>dried <em>meat</em></strong> to test the willpower of a starved Luke Skywalker.

