---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2131
kanji: 倅
keyword: my son
strokes: 10
permalink: /v4/2131/
redirect_from:
 - /倅/
 - /my son/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 28-12-2006(43): &quot;<strong>My son</strong>&quot;, sniffs <em>Mr. T</em>, &quot;I&#039;m so glad that you are now a college <em>graduate</em>&quot; he said.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Nuriko">Nuriko</a>] 7-5-2011(11): Important note: Instead of the keyword &quot;my son,&quot; the keyword &quot;good for nothing son&quot; may be more appropriate. This word is one of the examples of depreciating titles for family members. This word is used to refer to your son when you especially want to lower his status. So, keep that in mind when deciding on a story or when making your own. I suggest CountPacula&#039;s story, since it involves that &quot;good for nothing son&quot; meaning a little more.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CountPacula">CountPacula</a>] 17-1-2009(9): I won&#039;t consider <em>that person</em> to be<strong> my son</strong> until he actually manages to show he&#039;s capable of something and <em>graduates</em>!

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/sgrant">sgrant</a>] 30-4-2009(5): Only after <em>Luke Skywalker graduates</em> as a fully-fledged jedi does Vader finally tell him the big secret - &quot;I&#039;m your father... you&#039;re<strong> my son</strong>&quot;.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 28-6-2008(2): My dad had a hard time picking me out of the crowd at my high school <em>graduation</em>, so at my college <em>graduation</em>, I taped a magazine cutout picture of <em>Mr T</em> to my cap (we have both been fans of the <em>A-Team</em> series since it came out). I didn&#039;t tell him, though, so as to surprise him. When I came out in the big line, I could hear my dad&#039;s love and surprise as he shouted - &quot;hey, there, that young man in the <em>Mr T</em> cap! That&#039;s<strong> my son</strong>!!!&quot;.

