---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2150
kanji: 雁
keyword: wild goose
strokes: 12
permalink: /v4/2150/
redirect_from:
 - /雁/
 - /wild goose/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 23-4-2007(23): I&#039;ve been sent to chase the <strong>wild goose</strong>! I&#039;m here at the top of the <em>cliff</em>, and I can hear <em>Mr. T</em> and that tricky <em>turkey</em> down there sniggering about sending me on a search for the <strong>wild goose</strong>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 28-6-2008(22): <em>Mr T</em> is sent on a mission to find a<strong> wild goose</strong> that swallowed some important, top-secret chemicals (they were in a baggie, so he has to find it before it dissolves!). After searching for clues and tracks, he finds it - and backs it up against a cliff. In a heroic move, <em>Mr T</em> jumps off the <em>cliff</em>, grabs the<strong> wild goose</strong>, and lands on the ground on his back, protecting the volatile<strong> wild goose</strong>. He then looks at it - wait - this isn&#039;t the<strong> wild goose</strong>, this is a mere <em>turkey</em>! Sent on a<strong> wild goose</strong> chase!

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/oregum">oregum</a>] 7-1-2009(11): MR.T wanted to catch a<strong> wild goose</strong> for dinner but all he found was a TURKEY that fell off a CLIFF.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/koohiikun">koohiikun</a>] 10-6-2010(5): Sent on a<strong> wild goose</strong> chase by the A-Team, we find <em>Mr. T</em> has cornered a <em>turkey</em> under a <em>cliff</em>. &quot;I pity da foo sent me on this<strong> wild goose</strong> chase only to corner a turkey under this damn cliff! says Mr. T.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/blannk">blannk</a>] 16-4-2010(3): A<strong> wild goose</strong> chase that leads directly to the 2nd of 14 <em>turkey</em> fatalities in RtK3. The <em>person primitive</em> chasing the <em>turkey</em> s/he falsely believed to be a<strong> wild goose</strong> came to a sad end, along with the <em>turkey</em>, of course (they can flutter but not fly), r.i.p., over the <em>cliff</em>, sayonara. Careful 鴻 <a href="../v4/2313">large goose</a> (#2313 鴻).

