---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2231
kanji: 帖
keyword: quire
strokes: 8
permalink: /v4/2231/
redirect_from:
 - /帖/
 - /quire/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 6-10-2007(55): The <em>fortune teller</em> tells me that in the future I will have my own<strong> quire</strong>. &quot;Is that choir as in &#039;group of singers&#039;, or<strong> quire</strong> as in &#039;sheets of paper&#039;?&quot; I ask. She can&#039;t tell because her crystal ball is too misty, so I rush to the bathroom, grab a <em>towel</em>, and use it to wipe the crystal ball. Turns out to be<strong> quire</strong> as in &#039;sheets of paper&#039;, of course.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kusterdu">kusterdu</a>] 20-9-2008(37): (25 sheets of paper) -- the fortune teller orders a<strong> quire</strong> of paper but receives a<strong> quire</strong> of towels. She calls to complain, but customer service tells her, &quot;Why didn&#039;t you see it coming?&quot;.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 11-11-2006(5): A<strong> quire</strong> in English means a set of 24 sheets of paper. In Japanese, it means 25 sheets. Well, rumor has it this is because on the 24 sheets needs to a <em>towel</em> (the 25th sheet), to ward off evil spirits, according to a famous <em>fortuneteller</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Elphalpo">Elphalpo</a>] 2-8-2010(4): They put a <em>towel</em> over the <em>fortune teller</em>&#039;s head and had her guess how many pieces of paper were in each<strong> quire</strong> in front of her. &quot;How many in this<strong> quire</strong> of rice paper?&quot; &quot;Twenty.&quot; Amazing! &quot;How many in this<strong> quire</strong> of nori?&quot; &quot;Ten.&quot; Wow! - (Note: &quot;Quire&quot; means a collection of 24 or 25 sheets of paper, but this kanji is actually used as a counter for bundles of several types of paper-like objects, and the amount in one bundle differs for each object (1<strong> quire</strong> of rice paper = 20 sheets, nori = 10 sheets, etc.)).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Boy.pockets">Boy.pockets</a>] 24-1-2011(2): If there is a <em>towel</em> and written on it is &quot;quire&quot;, then you don&#039;t need a <em>fortune teller</em> to tell you that there are 25 sheets of paper in it.

