---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2267
kanji: 挺
keyword: counter for tools
strokes: 10
permalink: /v4/2267/
redirect_from:
 - /挺/
 - /counter for tools/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 15-2-2007(30): The <em>courts</em> use their <em>fingers</em> as a<strong> counter for tools</strong> used in murder cases.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/peacemik">peacemik</a>] 24-6-2010(13): (+ikmys) In <em>court</em>, the serial killer was asked how many different tools he had used in the murders. A bit of dolt, he counted on his <em>fingers</em> &quot;one, tooo, twee, foe &quot; as the judge shook his head in disgust. <em>Fingers</em> are indeed used as a <strong>counter for tools</strong> in <em>courts</em>, especially by dolts. 挺身する (ていしんする): to volunteer 空挺降下地域 (くうていこうかちいき): drop zone 空挺部隊 (くうていぶたい): airborne troops 挺 (ちょう): counter for guns, jinrikishas.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 17-1-2010(6): In a <em>court</em>room, there&#039;s a specific<strong> counter for tools</strong> which might have been used to commit a crime. The <strong>counter</strong> is located in front of the witness stand. The witness must use his or her <em>fingers</em> to identify which <strong>tools</strong> were used in the crime, and use this kanji to <strong>count</strong> how many were used in all.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 28-2-2008(5): <em>Fingers, the thief</em> doesn&#039;t know the Japanese <strong>counter for tools</strong>. They took <em>Fingers</em> to <em>court</em> for repeatedly using the wrong <strong>counter for tools</strong>. It&#039;s a federal offense.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ikmys">ikmys</a>] 1-5-2007(2): Summoned to appear before the <em>court</em>, the defendant was asked how many times he was arrested prior to this latest offense. A simpleton, he counted out on his <em>fingers</em> &quot;one, tooo, twee, foe, &quot; as the judge shook his head in disgust. <em>Fingers</em> are indeed the <strong>counter for (human) tools</strong>.

