---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2273
kanji: 捷
keyword: spoils
strokes: 11
permalink: /v4/2273/
redirect_from:
 - /捷/
 - /spoils/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/shirahime">shirahime</a>] 17-1-2008(41): Someone tries to lay their fingers on your<strong> spoils</strong>, and you run after them hitting them with a broom as they run from you.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 28-5-2007(11): As my share of the<strong> spoils</strong> of war I grab a <em>running-broom</em> that has <em>fingers</em> (just like the one in Disney/Mickey Mouse/Fantasia). It <em>runs</em> round cleaning up with its <em>broom</em> and uses its <em>fingers</em> to press buttons etc and operate household appliances. But also like Mickey’s it gets out of control and<strong> spoils</strong> everything it touches. So much for the<strong> spoils</strong> of war.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 4-3-2007(5): Every morning, the street cleaners are <em>running with their brooms</em>, to pick up the<strong> spoils</strong> of their profession up with their <em>fingers</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dancingblade">dancingblade</a>] 12-7-2010(3): <strong>Nimble</strong>: In my <em>fingers</em> I equip my <em>Broom of Running</em>. It can&#039;t fly, but it gives me +5 <strong>nimbleness</strong>. Now to quickly do some housework. NB: I couldn&#039;t find &#039;spoils&#039; for the meaning for this kanji, so the next best thing was nimble which covers the meanings of fast and smart.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 20-10-2009(3): A mean old man leaves a bunch of <em>rakes</em> out on the footpath, so that when early morning joggers, trying to get some bleary-eyed exercise in at dawn, <em>run</em> past, they step on a <em>rake</em> and smack themselves in the head, knocking them out. The mean old man then comes out, cackling evilly, and reaches his <em>fingers</em> into their pockets, trying to steal their wallet, keys and whatever other<strong> spoils</strong> of some value they might be carrying.

