---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2435
kanji: 昴
keyword: overarching
strokes: 9
permalink: /昴/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2435/
 - /overarching/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 17-11-2006(27): In this astrological tempel, a <em>sun</em> is depicted,<strong> overarching</strong> the <em>Sign of the Hare</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 13-4-2011(18): When the <em>sun</em> shines during the <em>sign of the hare</em> the hares go mad and have an<strong> overarching</strong> desire to jump over arches. Edit: More useful keyword: Main use of this kanji is for the star cluster &quot;The Pleiades&quot; (すばる in Japanese). Story: Which star cluster is <strong>The Pleiades</strong>? Well look closely and you can see a <em>hare</em> hopping from one <em>sun</em> to another.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 16-2-2010(13): This is the kanji for the Pleiades star cluster, read in Japanese as すばる. It&#039;s also a male and female given name. The car manufacturer gets its name from this. Story: The <em>sign of the hare</em> in the Chinese zodiac refers, among other things, to the time of day corresponding to 5-7am. This is the time of day when the <em>sun</em> rises, <strong>overarching</strong> the world with its magnificence and power. (For an extra visual image, imagine the <em>sun</em> rising behind a giant pair of <em>hare&#039;s ears</em>.).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 26-7-2009(6): The<strong> overarching</strong> meaning of Easter <em>Sunday</em> goes above and beyond the <em>sign of the hare</em>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Django">Django</a>] 1-2-2010(2): As has been pointed out, this is the kanji for the <strong>Pleiades</strong>, or Seven Sisters, cluster. Legend tells us that Zeus changed the seven sisters into stars to save them from Orion, the hunter. What is not known is that in order to keep Orion off the scent, Zeus slapped the <em>sign of the hare</em> beneath the <em>sun</em>. The ruse worked: Orion forgot about the seven sisters and has been looking for the hare ever since.

