---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2494
kanji: 橘
keyword: mandarin orange
strokes: 16
on-yomi: キツ
permalink: /橘/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2494/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 14-2-2010(30): The tachibana, or<strong> mandarin orange</strong>, is a type of <em>tree</em> which sometimes yields poor quality fruit. In such times, instead of simply <em>standing up</em> and inviting customers to <em>make a deal</em>, you must force the sale of your<strong> mandarin orange</strong>s by brandishing a <em>halberd</em> and forcing the customer to <em>make a deal</em> with you by purchasing your substandard fruit. [Note: along with 柚 <a href="../v4/2482">citrus tree</a> (#2482 柑), this is used to describe all citrus plants - 柑橘類 かんきつるい means &#039;citrus fruit&#039;.].

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 10-2-2007(9): The peddlar who likes to <em>make a deal</em> stepped off his motorcycle helmet and took his <em>halberd</em> to try and get some<strong> mandarin orange</strong>s off the <em>tree</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/At0m5k">At0m5k</a>] 15-8-2009(3): &quot;Oh you like some<strong> MANDARIN ORANGE</strong>S? I sell you this whole <em>tree</em> if you want, but why don&#039;t we <em>make a deal</em> and I give you this <em>halberd</em> as well. I have no use anymore.&quot; says the old asian farmer.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Corodon">Corodon</a>] 30-12-2011(2): Let&#039;s <em>make a deal</em> -- your <strong>mandarin orange</strong> <em>tree</em> for my <em>halberd</em>. Sound fair?

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decals">decals</a>] 21-11-2010(1): The reading of this kanji is たちばな, so I&#039;m going to link it to the 戦国無双 characters of the same name. STORY: Ginchiyo Tachibana went to buy some<strong> mandarin orange</strong>s in a market. The vendor said he would <em>make a deal</em> for her. Later, at the castle, she found out that they had been ripped off. Angry, she grabbed a halberd lodged in a tree. She then took the halberd and cut off the vendor&#039;s head (thus the top part of make a deal is gone).

