---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2500
kanji: 杜
keyword: temple grove
strokes: 7
on-yomi: ト
permalink: /杜/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2500/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 6-10-2007(60): A normal grove is 林 , so in a<strong> temple grove</strong> half the <em>trees</em> have been removed and replaced by <em>soil</em> (presumably for graves).

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 3-8-2008(2): [+Katsuo] A<strong> temple grove</strong> may look like any other grove from one side, but when you get closer, you realize that it is very special. A<strong> temple grove</strong> is for honoring patrons and special people to that temple. Each time someone dies, they are memorialized by first burying them above ground - which results in a bunch of <em>soil</em> piled up, and then planting a huge <em>tree</em> right in front of it, so that the <em>soil</em> pile can&#039;t be seen from the front. That way, their bodies are still protected in the afterlife.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/perrin4869">perrin4869</a>] 7-12-2011(1): This kanji depicts the creation of a <strong>temple grove</strong> - it shows servants bringing in <em>soil</em> into the temple, where the <em>trees</em> will be planted.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kapalama">kapalama</a>] 16-11-2010(1): 杜氏 , 杜撰 , 鎮守の杜 , 杜絶 =途絶 <a href="../v4/2500">temple grove</a> (#2500 杜) ズ, トウ, ト, もり ... Parts: 木 , 土 (cf 社 <a href="../v4/1092">company</a> (#1092 社)) ... Note: Important unrelated usage: 杜氏 <strong>Master Brewer</strong> ... Story:A simple Zen<strong> temple grove</strong>: A single <em>tree</em> with <em>soil</em>. in the Zen tradition, things are said by what is said as well as what is not said, and things have an esoteric and exoteric meaning. Thus the single tree stands for a grove (exoteric) as well as reading as it it were a forest (esoteric)　.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Boy.pockets">Boy.pockets</a>] 10-2-2011(): There were not as many <em>trees</em> as you might expect from a regular grove, but the <em>soil</em> of the template grove was meticulously groomed.

