---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2526
kanji: 樗
keyword: plotosid
strokes: 15
on-yomi: チョ
permalink: /樗/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2526/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 6-2-2007(25): We were seeking shelter for the <em>rain</em> under the<strong> plotosid</strong> <em>tree</em>, but someone had put a <em>double snare</em> there. As if that foul smelling tree wasn&#039;t enough trouble already.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/cb4960">cb4960</a>] 10-1-2009(18): ~~ Keyword should be <strong>sumac</strong> ~~ <strong>Sumacs</strong> are worthless <em>trees</em>. They don&#039;t protect from <em>rain</em> so you shouldn&#039;t use them for a <em>ceiling</em> - and they stink so you can&#039;t use them to make <em>snares</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/marcmiddag">marcmiddag</a>] 16-8-2011(5): Keyword is wrong . I replace the keyword with &quot;Deadwood&quot;. Story*I was collecting some deadwood when it started raining. I got closer to the tree to shelter myself from the rain, when I suddenly got snared by two branches, and it started strangling me! Guess the tree didn&#039;t wanted me to take his deadwood!! (thanks to_nihon) ちょざい 【 樗材 】deadwood —(Usually written using kana alone. ).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Aerin">Aerin</a>] 22-12-2007(5): <strong>Plotosid</strong>: Japanese bead tree. The beads of the<strong> plotosid</strong> <em>tree</em> look like <em>rain</em>drops that have been en<em>snared</em> by its <em>two</em> branches.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/to_nihon">to_nihon</a>] 13-1-2009(4): According to my dictionary, this is a <strong>sendan</strong>; a <strong>Japanese bead tree</strong> that is not useless at all; it is sometimes used in the making of instruments and Buddhist statues and such. I was cutting down a <strong>sendan</strong> <em>tree</em> to make myself a koto, when it started <em>raining</em>. I got closer to the tree to shelter myself from the rain, when I suddenly got <em>snared</em> by <em>two</em> branches, and it started strangling me! Guess the <strong>sendan</strong> wanted to <strong>send an</strong> obvious message: don&#039;t cut me down!

