---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2610
kanji: 稜
keyword: imperial authority
strokes: 13
on-yomi: リョウ
permalink: /稜/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2610/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/abaddon">abaddon</a>] 25-5-2008(23): Wheat, rice seedling, walking legs: The next hurdle for mission of the <em>rice seedlings with walking legs</em> was the<strong> imperial authority</strong>. They had to cross through a <em>wheat</em> field, but the<strong> imperial authority</strong> didn&#039;t give permission for rice seedlings and wheat to mix. How to solve this...?

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CasualTatsumaki">CasualTatsumaki</a>] 6-8-2010(9): I changed the keyword to <strong>ridge</strong> because it seems to be more often used in mountain ridge and so many medical words for body parts involving a crest or ridge. (I use &quot;tripping on shrooms&quot; as the keyword for 夌 <a href="../v4/22796">Unicode-0x590c</a> (#22796 夌).) Story: After <em>tripping on shrooms</em>, the <strong>ridge</strong> seemed to be a good place to plant <em>wheat</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/astridtops">astridtops</a>] 2-2-2007(4): The<strong> imperial authority</strong> is coming to inspect the <em>wheat</em> crop and the <em>rice seedlings</em>. No doubt they want to make sure they&#039;ll get very last bit of their dues. The poor farmers run around on their <em>walking legs</em> to assure they haven&#039;t kept anything hidden.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decals">decals</a>] 23-12-2010(2): Agreed with CasualTatsumaki. <strong>ridge</strong> STORY: I made rice seedling = <em>Goomba</em> (from Mario games) <em>Wheat</em> fields are dangerous for <em>Goombas</em> because their <em>walking legs</em> are so short. Mario could pop out of the wheat at any minute and flatten them. So the crafty <em>Goombas</em> find a ridge in the wheat field that lets them see him coming.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dancingblade">dancingblade</a>] 6-9-2010(1): (+CasualTatsumaki) Next on the <em>rice seedling</em>&#039;s journey to the promised land was an encounter with their rival, sentient <em>wheat</em>. After a struggle, the <em>rice seedlings</em> prevailed after forcing them off a <strong>ridge</strong>.

