---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2666
kanji: 紬
keyword: pongee
strokes: 11
on-yomi: チュウ
permalink: /紬/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2666/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/sgrant">sgrant</a>] 11-1-2010(15): <em>Spiderman</em> decides to try a new diet of <em>sprouts</em> to see how it affects the consistency of his web. To his surprise (150m above ground) a lovely line of<strong> pongee</strong> comes out instead. Time to think quickly.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/abaddon">abaddon</a>] 31-5-2008(11): Spiderman, sprout:<strong> Pongee</strong> is a soft thin woven cloth. <em>Spiderman</em> - a textile buff in his own right- found out that the mold growing on rotting Brussel <em>sprouts</em> may also be used to make<strong> pongee</strong>. And it&#039;s much cheaper than silk!

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/ikmys">ikmys</a>] 18-7-2007(9): <strong>Pongee</strong> is the soft thin cloth made from the <em>thread</em> of mashed <em>brussel sprouts</em>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/peacemik">peacemik</a>] 30-10-2011(1): When <em>Spiderman</em> eats <em>Brussel sprouts</em>, his thread becomes just right for making<strong> pongee</strong>. However, it&#039;s not a viable business in today&#039;s market. The cost of importing the <em>sprouts</em> from Brussels is more than the price of the produced<strong> pongee</strong>. So he continues earning his living through freelance photography. 紬 (つむぎ):<strong> pongee</strong> 繭紬 (けんちゅう):<strong> pongee</strong> (unbleached silk) 紬砂 (つむぎすな): fine sand.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/blannk">blannk</a>] 5-12-2009(1): Hired by the Chinese Ministry of Trade to revive popularity of the once-lucrative trade in the silk cloth woven along the banks of the Yangtze, and with an eye to demonstrating its resiliency to the European market, <em>Spiderman</em> is in <em>Brussels</em> for a series of spectacular demonstrations of bungee-jumping with<strong> pongee</strong> <em>threads</em>.

