---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2877
kanji: 秦
keyword: Manchu dynasty
strokes: 10
permalink: /秦/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2877/
 - /Manchu dynasty/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/to_nihon">to_nihon</a>] 11-1-2009(29): (thx Katsuo) The so-called &#039;mighty&#039; <strong>Qin dynasty</strong> died a nasty death from starvation because they focused on growing <em>bonsai</em> instead of <em>wheat</em>.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 18-8-2008(19): What did man chew in the<strong> Manchu dynasty</strong>? Well, first man chew <em>bonsai</em>, but he find that rather tough, so next man chew <em>wheat</em>. EDIT: I think the keyword should really be <strong>Qin dynasty</strong>. So how a about new story based on Bob Dylan&#039;s song &quot;Mighty Quinn&quot;: &quot;<em>Bonsai</em> without, <em>wheat</em> plants within, you&#039;ll not grow nothing like the mighty <strong>Qin</strong>. (dynasty).&quot;.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 9-3-2010(14): Please note: this is a mistake in Heisig. This kanji does not refer to the<strong> Manchu dynasty</strong>, also known as the Qing dynasty, 1644-1911CE, the last ruling dynasty of China. Instead, it is used for the similarly-named Qin dynasty, which was the first dynasty of imperial China. Story: The <strong>Qin Dynasty</strong> of 221-206BCE laid the foundations for the golden age of Chinese development. Two agricultural innovations they implemented were the art of topiary (exemplified by the bonsai) and crop cultivation (wheat).

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kapalama">kapalama</a>] 5-11-2010(3): 秦 <a href="../v4/2877">Manchu dynasty</a> (#2877 秦)<strong>Qin Dynasty, Not Manchu</strong> シン, 名乗り :しげ, はた ... Parts: Bonsai ( 春 - 日 ,1567.9), 禾 (cf. 榛 <a href="../v4/2475">hazel</a> (#2475 榛)) ... 秦 is the first unification of China BC221-206.　Manchu=Qing (1636-1912)=清朝 <a href="../v4/1539">pure</a> (#1539 清). Both シン ... Story: Qin( 秦 ) short dynasty that lasted only a few years longer than China&#039;s first emperor. It got <em>two (three?)</em> <em>big</em> for its <em>Wheat</em> supply, since the massive public works projects starved the population into revolt. But enabled the Han to rule for 300 years.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/perrin4869">perrin4869</a>] 3-9-2011(): The dragon in the <strong>Manchu dynasty&#039;s</strong> flag giving its <em>bonsai</em> some tasty <em>wheat</em>.

