---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2881
kanji: 夷
keyword: ebisu
strokes: 6
on-yomi: イ
permalink: /夷/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2881/
---

## Koohii stories: 

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 5-3-2013(24): When passing through<strong> Ebisu</strong> in Tokyo, (one stop south of Shibuya) you see an<strong> ebisu</strong> (= a barbarian/savage) whose pet <em>St. Bernard</em> has swallowed his <em>bow</em>; you can see the shape of the bow sticking through its skin. Notes: 1. I&#039;m locating this in<strong> Ebisu</strong> to reinforce the sound; the place name<strong> Ebisu</strong> is actually written with different kanji. 2. As Meconium mentions, stroke order is <a href="http://google.com/#q=一、弓、人">一、弓、人</a> .

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 9-3-2010(14): I don&#039;t like the way Heisig doesn&#039;t list stroke order in RTK3, like it&#039;s not important or something. This is written <em>one</em>, <em>bow</em>, <em>person</em>, not <em>large</em> then <em>person</em>. It&#039;s annoying to have to check each time. Note the second leg of <em>person</em> comes from the bottom of <em>bow</em>, not from <em>one</em>.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/MethodGT">MethodGT</a>] 5-4-2008(8): 征夷大将軍 (せいいたいしょうぐん) This is the &#039;i&#039; part of the full name of the ancient shoguns. Sei i tai shougun (Great general who subdues the eastern barbarians). This Kanji is the &quot;eastern barbarian&quot; part. Being the shogun, the most powerful military leader in all of Japan, it is only fitting that he also have a very <em>large bow</em> to go along with his office. So large in fact, that it was given to him by the god of good luck,<strong> Ebisu</strong>.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decals">decals</a>] 11-3-2011(4): (Y)ebisu is my favourite beer in Japan. I like it so much, I&#039;d probably kill <em>one</em> <em>person</em> with a <em>bow</em> right now if it would get me a six-pack. (P.S. I&#039;m only being evil for the sake of the story!.... seriously!).

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kapalama">kapalama</a>] 29-8-2011(2): 蝦夷地 , 蝦夷 , 尊王攘夷 , 征夷大将軍 , 夷 =恵比須=戎 <a href="../v4/2881">ebisu</a> (#2881 夷) イ, えぞ, えびす ... Parts: 弓 , 大 ... Story/Note:<strong> Ebisu</strong> is not usually written with this Kanji. Tokyo place names is 恵比須 , as is the god of fishing. This Kanji represent <strong>Barbarians</strong>, represented with one <strong>big bow</strong>.

