---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2956
kanji: 薩
keyword: bodhisattva
strokes: 17
permalink: /薩/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2956/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/blannk">blannk</a>] 5-12-2009(15): [+mantixen] A<strong> bodhisattva</strong> visits <em>The Pinnacle</em> to provide <em>flowers</em> and meditation <em>products</em> to the unenlightened.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 15-8-2008(15): [+megaqwerty] This is the<strong> Bodhisattva</strong>, who wants to help release the wicked from the painful cycle of life. Of course, the most vain and wicked are the pathetic lamers in the <em>Pinnacle</em>. He goes to register to stand at the station and hand out <em>products</em>. The registrar - &quot;Okay, buddy, what are you selling?&quot; &quot;Nothing,&quot; he says. &quot;I am giving out physical <em>products</em> to entice true enlightment.&quot; &quot;Whatever, dude...&quot; He gets his license, and hands out <em>flowers</em> to anyone who will take them.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/abaddon">abaddon</a>] 12-6-2008(4): Flower, pinnacle, product: I didn&#039;t understand the terrorist:<strong> bodhisattva</strong>... body fatwa? Hmm.. just to be sure, I gave him the booby trap <em>flower</em> (a <em>product</em> of the <em>Pinnacle</em>). Later, I learned that<strong> bodhisattva</strong> is someone who postpones his or her own enlightenment to help others. Oops...

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 2-8-2009(3): A<strong> bodhisattva</strong> from the <em>pinnacle</em> sells <em>flower</em>-scented <em>products</em> to the unenlightened.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Meconium">Meconium</a>] 11-3-2010(2): The<strong> bodhisattva</strong> sat outside the entrance to <em>The Pinnacle</em>, blessing all the hand-made <em>products</em> as they come out the gate. He stamps them with the mark &quot; ピナクル産 &quot;, meaning &quot;<em>Product</em> of <em>the Pinnacle</em>&quot;, which confirms their authenticity. After stamping, the<strong> bodhisattva</strong>&#039;s assistant places a hibiscus <em>flower</em> on top of the blessed <em>product</em>, and everyone is happy. (The most popular agricultural <em>product</em> of <em>The Pinnacle</em>, incidentally, is the 薩摩芋 (さつまいも), or purple sweet potato.).

