---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2995
kanji: 壽
keyword: longevity (old)
strokes: 14
permalink: /v4/2995/
redirect_from:
 - /壽/
 - /longevity (old)/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 2-8-2009(41): A <em>samurai</em> wearing a <em>broken crown</em> <em>crafted</em> an <em>inch</em>-thick <em>floor</em> under which to hide with his <em>mouth glued</em>, giving him<strong> longevity</strong> as his enemies failed to find him.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 16-8-2008(3): This is an old <em>samurai</em> who&#039;s seen a lot of<strong> longevity</strong>. He has been sitting in the same spot, on his <em>torn Burger King Crown</em>, for ages. He&#039;s something of a local landmark, so when a <em>construction site</em> is set up around him, they simply put a <em>ceiling</em> over his head and build around him. A gum company puts him in their CM for<strong> Longevity</strong> Gum. In the CM, he eats a stick of gum and rambles something foreign (he&#039;s actually saying - why are you putting this <em>glue</em> in my <em>mouth</em>?).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/howtwosavealif3">howtwosavealif3</a>] 5-2-2011(2): 士 フ エ 一 <a href="http://google.com/#q=吋→壽">吋→壽</a> （ 寿の正字 ） さむらいの笛は 1インチ.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/kapalama">kapalama</a>] 19-10-2010(1): 新年の壽 <a href="../v4/2995">longevity [old]</a> (#2995 壽) ジュ, ことぶき ... Parts: 士 , 冖＊, 工 , 一 , 吋 <a href="../v4/2952">inch</a> (#2952 吋)　(cf. 範疇 <a href="../v4/30087">Unicode-0x7587</a> (#30087 疇), 寿 <a href="../v4/1565">longevity</a> (#1565 寿)) ... Story: It is Kabuki when the samurai wear Makeup, but it is <strong>Kotobuki</strong> when they wear <em>Broken Crowns</em> forged from <em>I-beams</em> <em>one</em> <em>inch</em> thick.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/alucardchuu">alucardchuu</a>] 23-8-2010(1): [+ dihutenosa] This is an old samurai who&#039;s seen a lot of<strong> longevity</strong>. He has been sitting in the same spot, on his torn Burger King Crown, for ages. He&#039;s something of a local landmark, so when a construction site is set up around him, they simply put a ceiling over his head and build around him. Despaired, he would like to tell his fellow villagers how many treasures will be destroyed by this massive urbanization movement, but the construction team put glue in his mouth so that he remains silent.

