---
layout: kanji-remain
v4: 2998
kanji: 饅
keyword: bean jam
strokes: 20
permalink: /饅/
redirect_from:
 - /v4/2998/
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Katsuo">Katsuo</a>] 20-1-2008(19): A bit of <em>old food</em> is stuck on one of my <em>mandalas</em>. What could it be? I scrape it off and taste it . . . Hmm,<strong> bean jam</strong>, I reckon.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mantixen">mantixen</a>] 2-8-2009(9): Steamed<strong> bean jam</strong> dumplings were invented as a form of <em>Chinese take-out</em> that could be eaten while meditating on a <em>mandala</em> (thanks dihutenosa).

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/abaddon">abaddon</a>] 15-6-2008(6): Old food, Mandela: During his imprisonment, <em>Mandela</em> was only given <em>old food</em>. Once per year, they gave him a treat: fresh<strong> bean jam</strong>. After this, you shouldn&#039;t visit <em>Mandela</em>&#039;s cell: to stinky! Old food primitive: (meeting, day, staples: The meeting took all day, do when we got out to have our dinner, only old food and the staples of the dinnerboxes were left. My colleagues are such gluttons!

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CasualTatsumaki">CasualTatsumaki</a>] 9-2-2011(2): Sounds like the name of a hippie jam band, <em>eat</em>ing hash manju and staring at a <em>mandala</em>. 肉饅頭 [にくまんじゅう] manju (steamed bun) with meat filling.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dihutenosa">dihutenosa</a>] 16-8-2008(2): For me, the <em>old food</em> thing on the right just makes me think of the traditional Chinese version - so it&#039;s gonna be a <em>Chinese take-out box</em>. [+abaddon] When <em>Mandela</em> was in prison, he was routinely starved and forced to go without food. Luckily, one of the guards took pity on him and would always give him the part of his lunch that he couldn&#039;t stand eating anyway - the little<strong> bean jam</strong> portion that came in the <em>take-out box</em> with his Panda Express meal.

